LONDON, JUNE 25, 2025 -- The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY”) (NYSE: BK), a global financial services company, today announced it has been selected by WisdomTree, Inc. (NYSE: WT), a global financial innovator, to provide custody, depositary, accounting, fund administration and ETF services for its Europe-listed products. WisdomTree Europe has assets under management; totaling $40.1 billion.1
BNY is expanding its relationship with WisdomTree as custodian, administrator, securities lending agent and ETF servicing provider across its U.S.-listed products, to now include capabilities which support its Irish-domiciled UCITS ETFs. As a leading global provider of fund administration and depositary services with extensive experience in the ETF industry, BNY will continue working closely with WisdomTree to gain scale and efficiencies across its global operations.
“WisdomTree is recognized for providing innovative and differentiated strategies for investors in Europe and globally,” said Hani Kablawi, Head of International at BNY. “Leveraging BNY’s global presence, robust technological capabilities and unique role across the financial ecosystem, we are thrilled to deliver solutions that can enable the continued growth of WisdomTree’s European platform across model portfolios, retail distribution and digital assets.”
1 Source: Figure of $40.1 billion denotes the aggregate assets under management of WisdomTree’s Europe-listed Products as of 20 June 2025.
BNY
BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of March 31, 2025, BNY oversees $53.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.
BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.