Client Services Representative (Account Management)

Join Team FSSI and Become an Employee-Owner!

Who We Are:

Opening its doors over 45 years ago, FSSI is a leading document outsourcing company servicing Fortune 500 companies in the financial, banking, insurance and billing industries across the U.S. We are currently looking for an Account Representative to join our Client Services team in Lincoln, RI. The Account Representative manages the daily tasks of clients’ projects in a SaaS-based production environment, where solutions and processes are tailored to each account. This requires managing complex print and mail workflows, coordinating across internal teams, and ensuring accuracy from project setup through billing.

Success in this role requires strong critical thinking, project coordination skills, an aptitude for learning new technical concepts and a genuine passion for helping clients achieve their goals.

This is an onsite position, working Monday – Friday from the FSSI facility.

Why You’ll Love This Role:

We Invest in our employees! We provide dedicated training for your success in the role through our FSSI University as well as hands on training with the Client Services team.

Build strong relationships and manage your client accounts with custom care and expertise.

Utilize your creativity in resolving client challenges while providing seamless communication.

Your Essential Duties:

Client Success: Serve as the primary point of contact between your clients and internal teams, including IT, Software Development, Operations, Marketing, Accounting and Purchasing. Ensure client needs are clearly understood and executed.

Project Management: Oversee client implementations, manage daily tasks for accounts, and monitor production workflows.

Technical Expertise: Assist clients in understanding print, mail, and online presentment specifications, work with internal teams to troubleshoot technical issues, and create clear technical documentation tailored to client specification.

Data & Reporting: Ensure accurate client billing and generate client reports.

Process Improvement: Collaborate with teams to enhance efficiency and deliver top-tier service.

Requirements

What You Bring:

Must have a bachelor’s degree.

1-3 years of experience in B2B account management, client implementation or related industry experience.

Strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills.

Ability to grasp and explain technical concepts with ease.

Excellent business writing and communication skills with a keen attention to detail for professional client communication.

Strong organizational and coordination skills to manage multiple tasks, deadlines, and client needs efficiently.

Proficiency in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Outlook and Teams (project management software experience is a plus!).

The description above is a summary of the highlights of the role, a full job description will be provided.

Benefits

Why Join Us?

Employee Ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP): When you join our team, you’re not just an employee—you become an employee-owner, sharing in the success of our company and shaping its future.

Culture of CARE for our Employees: We offer strong, competitive benefit plans for our employees and their families.

Industry Leadership: FSSI is a technology-driven leader in document services, focused on providing best-in-class services and dedicated to utilizing industry-leading software and equipment.

Benefits include:

401(k) & Roth + Employee Stock Ownership Plan

Medical, Dental, Vision & Life Insurance

Vacation, sick leave and paid holidays – including your birthday!

Employee Assistance & Care Programs

Additional perks & employee award programs

Ready to grow with us? Apply today!

Hiring Pay Range (hourly paid): $27.00 - $28.00 an hour

Schedule: Mon - Fri, 8:00 am - 5:00 pm. This is an onsite position.
