AI Built-In
POWERED BY ELIZA
Less manual analysis. More real outcomes.
At BNY, AI is built into how our platforms operate, helping clients move faster, make better-informed decisions and execute with confidence. Our enterprise AI platform, Eliza, helps integrate intelligence across workflows to make them more efficient from the start, giving clients a trusted advantage. Embedding AI into our platforms helps clients reduce friction, surface insights sooner and act with greater speed and precision across their work. All within a controlled, institutional-grade environment.
What’s AI Built In
Powered by Eliza, AI is integrated into platform workflows to support smarter decisions and faster outcomes, without disrupting how your teams operate.
AI-enabled insights embedded directly into workflows accelerate onboarding and enhance performance and outcomes.
Faster identification of unique insights provides actionable intelligence, helping you streamline payments, reconciliations and custody operations.
Responsible, controls-first governance with transparent guardrails, reviewability, anomaly detection and NAV validation to boost trust and confidence.
Institutional-grade capabilities that are secure, scalable and enterprise-ready provide greater efficiency through automation and intelligence at scale.
Each platform benefits from shared AI foundations, while maintaining the precision and controls required for its specific use cases.
In Global Payments & Trade, AI is embedded to help you manage complexity, increase efficiency and improve visibility across payment and trade activity.
AI-powered capabilities support: 
By integrating AI into day-to-day workflows, Global Payments & Trade clients can move from data to action more quickly and with confidence.
Did you know?
Our enterprise AI platform Eliza is named after Eliza Hamilton, well known-philanthropist and wife of our founder Alexander Hamilton. Eliza is designed for institutional use, with strong governance, transparency and controls built in. Learn more about our responsible, controls-first design and oversight.
AI doesn’t operate in isolation. It works alongside other cross-platform strengths to create a differentiated client experience. Together, these differentiators enable a more connected, intelligent and trusted way of doing business.
AI operates across platforms and workflows
Governance, resilience and confidence underpin every AI enabled interaction
The result