What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Treasury Services Wins The Banker’s Global Transaction Bank of the Year 2022

The Banker today recognized BNY Mellon with four awards for the firm’s innovative work to streamline and transform transaction processes over the year. The awards include 2022 Global Transaction Bank of the Year, Transaction Bank of the Year for North America, as well as top honors for Payments and for Trade Finance.

“Banks are expected to deliver faster, smarter, more transparent and convenient transactions,” said Jennifer Barker, CEO, BNY Mellon Treasury Services. “This recognition shows that BNY Mellon is meeting this expectation head on, as well as differentiating ourselves as an unconflicted and client-centric provider. We have ramped up our investment into the future of transaction banking, enhancing traditional rails and leveraging new industry initiatives and emerging technologies so that clients have the tools needed to manage their payments and working capital effectively in today’s fast-changing, complex landscape.”

Treasury Services received honors in the payments category for the second straight year for its ongoing work to transform the real-time and digital payments space. In May 2021, BNY Mellon launched the first-of-its-kind real-time electronic bill (e-bill) and payment solution. In July, the firm announced that it was the first US bank to support SWIFT Go, a new service for low-value cross-border payments.

The firm was also recognized for its efforts to optimize the trade finance space, which includes leveraging emerging technologies, and joining the Marco Polo Network, which facilitates the seamless, secure and fast exchange of trade data.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $43 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

Learn more about Treasury Services or email us at treasury@bnymellon.com.

Media Contact: Nina Truman BNY Mellonnina.truman@bnymellon.com +1 646 541 6713

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.