BNY Sends Largest Instant Payment in U.S. History, $10 Million Following Transaction Limit Increase
New York –  A new era of real-time, higher-value payments has begun. Today, The Clearing House and The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY”) (NYSE: BK), announced the successful completion of the largest instant payment in U.S. history and the first-ever payment on the RTP® network exceeding $1 million, following the recent increase in the network’s transaction limit.
The $10 million inter-company liquidity management payment, from a leading, global transfer agent, Computershare, to an account at another financial institution, marks a significant milestone in the evolution of instant payments, unlocking new opportunities for businesses to move money faster, optimize cash flow, and streamline financial operations.
On February 9, the RTP network’s transaction limit increased from $1 million to $10 million, enabling businesses to send larger payments instantly, 24/7. This landmark payment from Computershare highlights the growing demand for higher value instant payments, providing a seamless alternative to traditional wire transfers and checks while improving liquidity management in today’s fast-paced economy. Currently, over 285,000 businesses rely on the RTP network each month to send and receive payments.
“This achievement represents a major step forward in modernizing high-value payments for our clients,” said Jennifer Barker, Global Head of Treasury Services and Depositary Receipts at BNY. “By leveraging the expanded transaction limits on the RTP network and BNY’s position at the forefront of capital markets, we are empowering our clients to operate with greater agility and support their long-term financial success. It’s another example of how BNY is enhancing payment solutions to meet evolving business needs with speed, transparency, and efficiency.”
For corporate customers, real-time higher-value payments are critical for managing large supplier transactions, moving wealth management or brokerage funds between accounts, funding payrolls, responding to unplanned liquidity needs, and ensuring the immediate settlement of obligations. The RTP network provides businesses with 24/7 availability, immediate funds availability, and enhanced payment transparency – offering tools that are crucial for navigating today’s complex financial landscape.
“In our industry, the ability to move large payments instantly, securely and reliably is crucial,” said Ann Bowering, CEO of Computershare Issuer Services, North America. “With real-time payments, we can settle higher-value transactions immediately, reducing counterparty risk and improving overall working capital efficiency. This level of speed and certainty was not possible before, and this is an exciting step forward for how we can potentially deliver solutions to our corporate clients.”
“The ability to send higher-value transactions over the RTP network is a valuable payment option for corporate customers,” said David Watson, President and CEO of The Clearing House. “After trailblazing the path for instant payments in the United States with the RTP network's launch more than seven years ago, we continue to adapt to meet industry demands. The increased transaction limit is just one example, and we'll continue to evolve as the RTP network continues to grow.”
###
Media Contacts
The Clearing House
Gregory MacSweeney
gregory.macsweeney@theclearinghouse.org
BNY
Anneliese Diedrichs
Anneliese.diedrichs@bny.com
James Ihn
james.ihn@bny.com
About BNY
BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of December 31, 2024, BNY oversees $52.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.
BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY employs over 50,000 people globally and has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news. 
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
About Computershare
Computershare (ASX: CPU) is a global market leader in transfer agency and share registration, employee equity plans, proxy solicitation and stakeholder communications. Computershare also specializes in corporate trust, mortgage servicing and a range of other diversified financial and governance services.
Founded in 1978, Computershare is renowned for its expertise in high integrity data management, high volume transaction processing and reconciliations, payments and stakeholder engagement. Many of the world’s leading organizations use Computershare to streamline and maximize the value of relationships with their investors, employees, creditors and customers.
Computershare is represented in all major financial markets and has over 12,000 employees worldwide.
For more information, visit www.computershare.com.
Important Information
This press release is qualified for informational purposes only. It does not constitute an offer or solicitation of securities or investment services or an endorsement thereof in any jurisdiction or in any circumstance in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful or not authorized. This press release is issued by BNY to members of the financial press and media and the information contained herein should not be construed as investment advice.