What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Liontrust enhances trading operations through strategic collaboration with BNY

Liontrust’s UK-based traders to join BNY’s Buy-Side Trading Solutions team

Liontrust, the specialist active asset manager, has expanded its relationship with The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY"), a global financial services company, by announcing the outsourcing of its trading for investment funds and institutional accounts to BNY’s Buy-Side Trading Solutions group.

Liontrust’s UK-based traders have joined BNY, ensuring continuity of service for its investment teams and clients. The outsourcing of trading to BNY will provide Liontrust with access to a global network of brokers and venues, allowing the firm to respond to market developments in real-time and extend its capabilities beyond UK trading hours. Liontrust can now leverage BNY’s global trading solutions, which reach 100 global markets across all major asset classes, including a wide range of fixed income and derivative products.

John Ions, Chief Executive Officer of Liontrust, commented: “This is a strategic relationship that advances Liontrust’s competitive position by leveraging BNY’s strengths. BNY has extensive global trading capabilities that will provide sophisticated execution, operational efficiency and economies of scale for Liontrust and our clients.

“Trading for asset managers has changed significantly over the past few years with the increasing use of automation and technological developments. While this presents opportunities for greater efficiency and returns, it also requires careful management of the associated risks and a significant investment in technology to compete. Our collaboration with BNY will enable Liontrust to achieve this.”

Liontrust will benefit from BNY’s advanced technology and data analysis capabilities, providing additional tools and market insights to support informed decision-making and improved execution. With almost half of Liontrust’s investments and trading now outside of the UK, this global trading service will support the firm’s growth ambitions.

Adam Vos, Global Head of Markets at BNY added: “We are thrilled to welcome Liontrust’s traders to BNY’s Buy-Side Trading Solutions team. This builds on the longstanding relationship between both firms, most recently collaborating to implement Liontrust’s data solution to enhance investment management, client service and scalability in July last year. We look forward to working with Liontrust so its investment teams can continue to access new markets and opportunities and achieve long-term success.”Liontrust Asset Management

Liontrust is an independent, specialist active asset manager launched in 1994 and listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1999. Headquartered on the Strand in London with offices in Edinburgh and Luxembourg, Liontrust has £21.6 billion in AuMA as at 10 April 2025. Liontrust has seven investment teams with distinct and repeatable processes investing in a range of UK, European, global and emerging markets equities, fixed income, sustainable investment and multi-asset portfolios and funds.

BNY

BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of March 31, 2025, BNY oversees $53.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY employs over 50,000 people globally and has been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.

For further information please contact:

BNY PRESS OFFICE:

Anneliese DiedrichsAnneliese.Diedrichs@bny.com

Meghan CarboneMeghan.Carbone@bny.com

LIONTRUST PRESS OFFICE:

Share Communications liontrustpr@sharecomms.co.uk

Hugo Mortimer-Harvey e: hmortimer-harvey@sharecomms.co.uk m: +44(0) 7769 722663

Sarah Plevnik e: splevnik@sharecomms.co.uk m: +44(0) 7384 677969

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.