What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Björn Storim Appointed Head of Germany, Switzerland, Austria and the CEE

FRANKFURT

Björn Storim has been appointed as Head of Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Central & Eastern Europe (“the CEE”), effective immediately. He joins from Credit Suisse where he was Co-Speaker of the Executive Board in Germany and Co-Chairman of the Germany & Austria Management Committee, and will be based in Frankfurt.

Mr. Storim will work closely with a wide range of clients including asset managers, insurance companies and pension funds across the full range of BNY Mellon capabilities. He will be responsible for driving the success of BNY Mellon in Germany, Switzerland, Austria and the CEE and leading the delivery of the company’s strategy in these ma

Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International at BNY Mellon said: “We welcome Björn Storim at an exciting time for our business in Continental Europe, which forms a core part of our growth strategy. We are committed to adding local strength to our client-facing team and will benefit from Björn’s leadership, experience and client insight, to drive our ongoing success in Germany, Switzerland, Austria and the CEE, and our broader organisation. Our focus to strengthen our footprint, deepen our client relationships and drive innovative client solutions in the region has never been greater.”

Björn Storim continued: “I am excited to be joining BNY Mellon at an important stage of their strategy as they position the European business for growth. BNY Mellon has been providing exceptional client service in the region for over 100 years and I am looking forward to building on the local team’s successes in expanding the value the company adds to existing and prospective clients.”

Mr Storim spent 16 years at Credit Suisse and was responsible for global markets, international wealth management, asset management and regulatory affairs. Prior to joining Credit Suisse he worked in fixed income at J.P. Morgan.

He has a degree in Economics, Banking and Finance from the University of Nuremberg and holds a TRIUM Executive Master of Business Administration from the London School of Economics, Stern School of Business at New York University and the École des Hautes Études Commmerciales de Paris. He is also certified by the Global Association of Risk Professionals as a Financial Risk Manager (FRM).

ABOUT BNY MELLON BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2020, BNY Mellon had $37.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.0 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

Contact

Media

Sorrel Beynon +44 20 7163 2827sorrel.beynon@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.