The Clearing House Celebrates the Fifth Anniversary of RTP®
New York – More than 180 banks and credit unions have connected to the RTP® network via Jack Henry™ since The Clearing House launched its real-time payments system five years ago. Hundreds of additional financial institutions have committed to providing real-time payments capabilities to customers through JHA PayCenter™, Jack Henry’s proprietary payments hub that provides seamless connections to the RTP network.
More than 80% of financial institutions on RTP are community banks and credit unions (less than $10 billion in assets), with most connected through JHA PayCenter. Jack Henry’s PayCenter is now offering additional instant payment capabilities, such as RTP send and Request for Payment (RfP) functionality, allowing customers to send payments and request payments from other accountholders.
"Jack Henry is a fantastic partner and evangelist for real-time payments on the RTP network and is bringing the benefits of instant payments to hundreds of financial institutions of all sizes," said Russ Waterhouse, Executive Vice President, Product Development and Strategy, The Clearing House. "With RTP send and RfP capabilities, Jack Henry continues to provide the latest payments capabilities to its clients, providing them with payment tools that offer a competitive edge."
RTP currently reaches 62% of demand deposit accounts in the United States and 285 banks and credit unions are on the network. RTP volumes have steadily increased by more than 10% per quarter, dating back to 2018. In the most recent quarter, the RTP network processed 45 million transactions valued at $19.7 billion.
"The ability to receive real-time payments on the RTP network allows our customers to have instant access to their money", said Kelly Burdette, SVP Digital and Products, Bank Independent. "The partnership with Jack Henry and RTP allows Bank Independent to be positioned as an innovative leader in the communities we serve by providing the products and services our customers want. The JHA PayCenter allows us to nimbly adopt new real-time payments solutions that will provide a competitive advantage for the bank and our customers."
“As soon as Cape Cod 5 went live on RTP via JHA PayCenter, our customers began to receive real-time payments,” said Chris Richards, First Executive Vice President of Cape Cod 5, a community bank with $5 billion in assets headquartered on Cape Cod, MA. “RTP has been well received by customers. Instant payments provide our bank with a distinct competitive advantage. Cape Cod 5’s partnership with Jack Henry and The Clearing House will help enable us to evolve the bank’s payments offerings, which ultimately benefits our customers.
JHA PayCenter enables financial institutions to accelerate time to market with proven faster payment solutions that expedite funds availability, improve cash flow, and ultimately help improve the financial health of consumers and businesses.
“We are excited to see the rapid growth of RTP and are happy to play an important role in providing the benefits of real-time payments to banks and credit unions, and ultimately to their accountholders,” said Tede Forman, president of Payment Solutions at Jack Henry. “Faster payments are quickly becoming a competitive necessity for financial institutions, and consumers and businesses now expect their payments to move as fast as everything else in the digital era.”
About The Clearing House  
The Clearing House operates U.S.-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers.  Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
About Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.®
Jack Henry™ (Nasdaq: JKHY) is a well-rounded financial technology company that strengthens connections between financial institutions and the people and businesses they serve. We are an S&P 500 company that prioritizes openness, collaboration, and user centricity – offering banks and credit unions a vibrant ecosystem of internally developed modern capabilities as well as the ability to integrate with leading fintechs. For more than 45 years, Jack Henry has provided technology solutions to enable clients to innovate faster, strategically differentiate, and successfully compete while serving the evolving needs of their accountholders. We empower approximately 8,000 clients with people-inspired innovation, personal service, and insight-driven solutions that help reduce the barriers to financial health. Additional information is available at www.jackhenry.com.
Media Contact:
Greg MacSweeney
Vice President & Head of Communications
The Clearing House 
212.612.9282
gregory.macsweeney@theclearinghouse.org