What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AT BNY

Developing Next-Generation Solutions

For more than five years, BNY has been creating Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabled solutions for financial services – and we’re continuing to move fast to accelerate our AI journey. We are the first major bank to deploy an AI Supercomputer (powered by NVIDIA) to accelerate processing capacity and to launch AI enabled capabilities. We have over 125 AI-enabled solutions in production, as well as our own Enterprise AI platform.

Due to our position in the financial markets, we have a unique viewpoint and financial data set that can help clients make data-driven decisions and make the financial markets more resilient.

By integrating AI into our core operations, empowering our people, and innovating for our clients, we are not just adapting to the future, we are actively shaping it.

Advancing Responsible & Ethical AI in Financial Services

As a financial institution that greatly values innovation and trust, we believe in both the potential of data and AI to support the financial system’s continued evolution, and the need for robust guardrails to manage their responsible use. Our goal is to promote the compliant, responsible and ethical use of AI.

Introducing Eliza

Our enterprise AI platform, Eliza, is built on the premise of foundational, reusable capabilities and is designed to enhance client service, company operations and drive cultural transformation through the power of artificial intelligence.

Named after Eliza Hamilton, well-known philanthropist and wife of our founder Alexander Hamilton, Eliza offers BNY employees a marketplace of AI solutions, access to approved datasets and a community for insights into intelligent tools and platforms.

As a central resource, Eliza empowers employees with advanced AI capabilities, streamlining workflows and fostering innovation across the bank within a robust governance framework.

'AI for Everyone': Inside BNY's Approach

OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, has spotlighted BNY’s forward-thinking approach to deploying AI across the organization to increase efficiency and drive change. With the motto “AI for everyone, everywhere and in everything,” Eliza now supports over 125 live use cases, with 20,000 employees actively building agents. Read more from OpenAI about BNY’s innovative approach.

Our Difference is

BUILT IN

CONNECTIVITY | TRUST | AI

We connect people and platforms to help you unlock fresh insights, broaden capabilities and accelerate confident decision making to drive better outcomes for your business.

AI AT WORK TODAY, EVOLVING FOR TOMORROW

We have over 125 AI-enabled solutions in production ⁠–⁠ from predictive analytics and automation to anomaly detection ⁠–⁠ designed to help clients transform their business while optimizing our own infrastructure.

Client Experience

Embedding the power of AI in our operations to incease efficiency and enable faster decision-making.

New Products and Solutions

Continuously exploring ways to integrate AI into our products and solutions to better serve our clients.

Employee Experience

Providing AI-driven tools to help our employees' continous growth.

AI IN THE NEXT PHASE: DRIVING ADOPTION

Discover how BNY's enterprise AI platform accelerates AI adoption, predictive analytics and automation with strong governance and risk management.

BNY's AI Governance Framework

AI governance at BNY is a multidisciplinary activity that draws upon the expertise of our various departments, including Legal, Privacy, Responsible AI, Data Governance, Information Security, Resiliency, Risk and Compliance. Governance activities are operated across the AI lifecycle, and collectively support the responsible development, deployment and operation of AI systems. Our AI governance framework applies our Commitment to the Responsible, Ethical Use of Data and AI in practice.

Enhanced Anomaly Detection in Financial Transactions through Decentralized AI

Through a collaboration with Kinexys by J.P. Morgan, "Project Aikya," BNY is exploring new AI solutions like Federated Learning to boost insights, improve decision-making, and drive innovation across financial services.

Academic Collaborations

BNY is committed to developing and maintaining strong collaborations with academic and research institutions on AI-related research and sponsored projects. These collaborations help drive innovation and support talent acquisition benefitting both BNY and the institutions. A few examples of our existing relationships appear below.

Carnegie Mellon University

The Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence and Innovation program at Carnegie Mellon University enables its students to identify AI applications and develop and deploy AI solutions that solve practical market problems.

Stevens Institute of Technology & Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

CRAFT is a fintech-based Industry/University Cooperative Research Center (I/UCRC), where the center's academic and industry partners collaboratively create innovative solutions in machine learning and artificial intelligence, quantum computing, decentralized finance (DeFi) and blockchain technology, generative language models, climate impact on investment and financing and cybersecurity.

Massachusetts Institute of Technology

MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) pioneers research in computing and artificial intelligence that focuses on developing new technologies, conducting research and inspiring future scientists and technologists in the field of computing and artificial intelligence.

Latest News & Insights

BNY Collaborates with Google Cloud to Advance its Eliza AI Platform with Gemini Enterprise

AI in the Next Phase: Driving Adoption

BNY and Carnegie Mellon University Join Forces to Advance Research and Development in AI

BNY Signs Multiyear Deal with OpenAI

AWARDS

World's Most Admired Companies™

America's Most Innovative Companies™

Are you interested in joining us?

When you join BNY, you will have the chance to work with thought leaders and industry trailblazers. Our finance, engineering and operations leaders have spent decades pioneering vanguard methods of working and spurring new ideas within the financial sector. Join us and learn from the best in our collaborative environment.

Experienced Data Scientists

Artificial Intelligence Engineers

Data Science Analyst Program (Early Career)

Ready to grow your business? Speak to our team.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.