What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Successfully On-Boards Liontrust to its New Investment Operations Platform

LONDON, Feb. 25, 2020 — BNY Mellon has successfully on-boarded Liontrust Asset Management Plc as the first end-to-end client on its new Investment Operations platform. The new open architecture platform will improve automation and integration capabilities, and offer enhanced data management and control capabilities to institutional asset managers. The Investment Operations business encompasses the capabilities previously aligned with Integrated Middle Office Solutions, along with an enhanced set of services to support the evolving needs of our institutional asset management client base.

The new Investment Operations platform provides best-in-class, modular data capabilities to give clients greater operational transparency and flexible integration to outsource services and operations. Clients can utilize a full range of services, which includes trade support, derivatives lifecycle, collateral management, bank loans, investment book of record (IBOR) and investment performance across all asset classes. These capabilities enable asset managers to make better informed investment decisions while managing risk, improving efficiencies and reducing costs.

“It has been great working with Liontrust to on-board the company as the first end-to-end user of our new platform,” said Peter Keaveney, Global Head of Investment Operations at BNY Mellon. “This is an exciting milestone as we move forward in bringing all of our Investment Operations clients onto our highly efficient, scalable operating model and technology platform. Our solution simplifies complexity and is designed to reduce operational risk – from system integration and trade support to new product launches and distribution across geographies – so clients can focus on their core competency of managing investments.”

Vinay Abrol, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Liontrust Asset Management Plc, said, “Our continued success and growth will be aided by efficient, dependable and flexible operations. We have been impressed with BNY Mellon’s Investment Operations capabilities and leading technology, along with the professionalism with which their team transitioned us onto their new platform. We look forward to continuing to work with the BNY Mellon team in the future.”

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2019, BNY Mellon had $37.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About Liontrust

Liontrust Asset Management Plc (LSE: LIO), which was launched in 1995, is a specialist fund management group with a premium listing on the London Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2019, Liontrust managed £19.1 billion. Additional information is available on www.liontrust.co.uk.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.