What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Reflects on 'AI for Good' Solutions

This month, BNY Mellon kicked off Community Month, which highlights the impact employee volunteerism has on uplifting and empowering the communities where they live and work.

As part of the month’s activities, BNY Mellon is honoring the recognition its AI Hub team received last year from Microsoft and the British Red Cross for its “AI for Good” work. BNY Mellon’s AI Hub is a centralized team that brings together data science, AI and machine learning talent to incubate, develop and deploy solutions at scale.

More than 100 BNY Mellon AI Hub employees dedicated more than 2,000 hours over three days to Microsoft’s Global Hackathon in September – earning BNY Mellon the distinction as the largest customer participant in the 10-year history of the hackathon. BNY Mellon was represented across 18 teams spanning three continents. It also worked with the British Red Cross during the competition, ultimately developing 13 solutions designed to address the urgent need for smarter, quicker and more efficient aid delivery.

A team of eight BNY Mellon AI Hub employees was recognized by the Microsoft Global Hackathon – the largest private hackathon on the planet – in the Executive Challenge called ‘Hack for Social Impact with AI’. Their project, Early Warning and Monitoring System for Humanitarian Crisis Response, was designed to channel artificial intelligence toward humanitarian good and social change. It was a finalist for innovative use of AI technologies to help communities prepare for, respond to and recover from crises.

Another team of seven BNY Mellon AI Hub employees who developed a decision-making tool to strategically manage relief efforts during the hackathon was subsequently chosen by the British Red Cross for its Best Product Fit designation.

“I’m incredibly proud of the innovative work of our colleagues who participated in the Microsoft Global Hackathon,” said Bridget Engle, Chief Information Officer and Global Head of Engineering, BNY Mellon. “This was a unique opportunity to showcase our dynamic, inclusive culture and for our firm to lend our AI skill sets and capabilities to an important cause.”

"Consulting with BNY Mellon during the Microsoft Global Hackathon provided us with new perspectives and technologies that can help with our 100+ year old mission – to alleviate suffering and help disaster-affected communities prepare, respond and recover from crises,” said Luke Caley, Information Management Lead, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.

“Our collaboration with BNY Mellon continues to evolve beyond a commercial relationship – it is an alliance that drives measurable, positive change for the world," said Karen Del Vescovo, Corporate Vice President & U.S. Financial Services Lead, Microsoft.

Microsoft’s Global Hackathon is a multi-day, global event that that brings people from all over the world together to create, innovate and hack on ideas that inspire them.

To learn more about BNY Mellon’s artificial intelligence solutions and capabilities, visit our artificial intelligence page.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.