Walking into the Manchester office on Day 1, I immediately felt supported and welcomed. This helped me stay motivated to push for success and get the most out of this experience. 
                
            INTERNSHIPS
            Hannah L.
        Intern Cohort 2024
                                Operations Control Management
                                Manchester, England
                            CLASS OF 2025
                                University of Bristol
                                Major: Management
                                Hometown: Warren, UK
                            8 a.m. I leave my house just before 8:00 a.m. to drive to the station and catch the 8:15 train along with another intern. My commute is only around 25 minutes which is great especially when the train is quiet enough that I can get a seat! I spend my free time during the commute learning Spanish. The walk from Manchester Piccadilly station to the One Piccadilly Gardens building is less than 10 minutes and I’m ready to start work just before 9:00 a.m.. As soon as I get into the office, I usually check my emails and get started with a few of the projects I have been tasked to complete.
11:30 a.m. It’s time to work with my team to plan our upcoming design challenge workshop. I love this part of my job, as it pushes me to be creative with how I engage my audience. In the Innovation Center’s conference room, we conduct a dry run of the workshop to ensure everything goes smoothly.
2 p.m. I have lunch in the cafeteria with some other interns. It’s lovely to catch up, hear how everyone is getting on and help learn from each other. At this time, I join the daily team meetings which have been great to reflect and hear what the group is working on. I will often contribute by showing work I have created to keep everyone in the loop and offer up challenging questions. After this quick call, I have allocated some dedicated learning time on Learn at BNY with one of my recent courses being PowerBI Essential Training, which has been insightful putting this software learning into practice for my projects.
“Over this internship, I’ve become a lot more confident in my ability to network, ask thoughtful questions and gain career advice and insights from experienced employees.”
4:30 p.m. Usually there are some leadership chats or workshops for interns in the afternoon. Topics range from wellness, finding your balance, career development, how to give and receive feedback and more. To round out the day, I like to make sure I have ticked everything off my day’s to-do list and make notes for the following day. Finally, I check my emails to see if anything else is required from me before I log out and head home on the train.
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Leah J.
        
        
            "I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Benjamin M.
        
        
            "BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Catherine D. 
        
        
            "Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Teresa D. 
        
        
            "If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."
internship
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Brooke G.
        
        
            "I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."