Analyst, Corporate Real Estate Management

Position Summary: The Analyst, Corporate Real Estate Management provides support to the Corporate Real Estate Management Group. The role is responsible for supporting the team on matters related to Real Estate Strategy & Portfolio Management, Workplace & Facilities Planning, and Finance & Operations Management. Individuals in the role should be proactive, detail-orientated, and possess excellent communication skills. The role requires strong analytical skills and abilities as there is a primary focus on managing analytics that will drive Corporate Real Estate strategy. Essential Functions and Responsibilities: Assist in analyzing and optimizing the company's real estate portfolio Support decision-making on lease renewals, relocations, and consolidations Conduct market research and benchmarking for real estate trends Assist in lease tracking, including managing renewals, and generating reports on portfolio performance Contribute to budgeting and forecasting processes for real estate expenses Support development of financial models to evaluate real estate investments and cost-saving initiatives Compare and contrast operational costs and identify gaps or inefficiencies Support space planning, workplace optimization, and employee experience initiatives Analyze workplace utilization data and recommend improvements. Support and coordinate with design and facilities teams on office relocations, office moves, and renovations Additional support and ad hoc projects, as assigned Prepare reports on Vendor Management Prepare reports on existing or planned internal processes and procedures Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree in finance, Business, Real Estate, Analytics, Information Systems, or related field 1-2 years of related experience Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Proficiency in Microsoft Suite: Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, Power BI and Power Applications Excellent communication and collaboration skills Ability to adapt and learn in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Excellent customer service skills Attention to detail, ability to prioritize and see projects through to completion Ability to work under pressure and handle conflicting priorities Ability to maintain confidential information Qualifications Desired: Knowledge of financial modeling, budgeting, and forecasting Experience implementing and maintaining real estate management software Exposure to diverse aspects of Real Estate Management Familiarity with workplace strategies, facilities planning and sustainability initiative Physical Demands and Work Environment: The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is generally performed within an office environment, with standard office equipment available. Travel may be required. Candidates will report to the office three days each week. Onsite work requirements may change at any time. About The Clearing House: The Clearing House (TCH) is a banking association and payments company that is owned by the largest commercial banks in the United States. TCH owns and operates the core payments system infrastructure in the US and is currently working to modernize that infrastructure by launching a new, ubiquitous, real-time payment system. TCH is the only private-sector ACH and wire operator in the US, clearing and settling nearly $2 trillion in US dollar payments each day, representing half of all commercial ACH and wire volume. TCH has provided critical services to the banking industry since 1853, and today, our core products facilitate services including Direct Deposit of payroll, bill payments, and check image exchange.
