What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Liontrust Implements Data Solution in Collaboration with BlackRock Aladdin and BNY to Enhance Investment Management, Client Service and Scalability

LONDON

LONDON, November 20, 2024 –- Liontrust, the specialist asset management company, has strengthened its data management, delivery and analysis across the business through the implementation of an enterprise portfolio management system that is integrated with a new data ecosystem. The new technology solution improves investment and risk tools, enables productivity gains and enhances the information supplied to Liontrust’s investment teams and clients. It will also strengthen reporting and digital services while providing scalability for Liontrust.

The enhancements have been achieved by implementing an integrated solution through collaboration with BlackRock’s Aladdin platform and The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY") (NYSE:BK). Liontrust will leverage BlackRock’s Aladdin technology in combination with BNY’s Data Vault and other strategic partner systems to deliver comprehensive portfolio and risk management capabilities, built on the foundation of a unified and consistent source of investment data, and leveraged across fund management teams, asset classes and funds. This integration, which includes an enhanced middle office operating model with BNY, significantly enriches data quality and efficiency, streamlines analysis, and delivers scalable portfolio management tools for Liontrust’s investment teams, establishing a robust operating model that supports the company's long-term growth.

The trading capabilities are provided by FlexTrade’s execution management system, FlexTRADER EMS. Liontrust was supported in the technology and data transition by Alpha Financial Markets Consulting.

John Ions, Chief Executive Officer of Liontrust, commented: “The new single, integrated front-office solution is an important investment that will benefit the business and our clients through the quality and consistency of data going forward.

“It will bring significant benefits to our investment management and risk teams. Our delivery and analysis of data will be more efficient, which will enable Liontrust to enhance the reporting and digital services we provide our clients, as well as increasing productivity across the company. The solution will also enable Liontrust to integrate emerging technology in the future.

“We thank all of our partners in ensuring the project has been implemented on schedule and as efficiently as possible.”

Tarek Chouman, BlackRock’s Global Head of Aladdin Client Business, said, “We are delighted that Liontrust has selected BlackRock’s Aladdin platform to help achieve its long-term strategic growth goals. By seamlessly delivering flexible, interoperable technology with sophisticated multi-asset management workflows, BlackRock’s technology will drive value in the immediate and long term for Liontrust. We are pleased to work with BNY to deliver a scalable solution for Liontrust."

“Now, more than ever, institutions are looking to unlock value and scale to keep up with continually changing markets with technology that looks across portfolios and connectivity to the broader asset management industry.”

Emily Portney, Global Head of Asset Servicing, BNY, said, “The increasing complexity of managing and applying data is a significant challenge for asset managers to grow and scale their business. We are proud to support Liontrust in enhancing their investment platform with a new data-driven operating model that will deliver critical insights, elevate the client experience and improve operational efficiency. We are pleased to continue working with BlackRock to deliver high-quality, front-to-back solutions for our mutual clients.”

About BNY

BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of September 30, 2024, BNY oversees $52.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.1 trillion in assets under management.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY employs over 50,000 people globally and has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.About Liontrust Liontrust is an independent, specialist asset manager established in 1995 and listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1999. Headquartered on the Strand in London with additional offices in Edinburgh and Luxemburg, Liontrust had £26.0 billion in AuMA as at 30 September 2024. Liontrust seeks to enable investors to enjoy a better financial future through eight investment teams investing in a range of global equities, fixed income, sustainable investment and multi-asset portfolios and funds.

About BlackRock Aladdin®

Aladdin® is a tech platform that unifies the investment management process by providing a common data language within an organization to enable scale, provide insights, and support business transformation.

As a strategic technology provider to institutional investors including asset managers, pension funds, insurers, and corporate treasurers, the Aladdin® platform combines sophisticated risk analytics with comprehensive portfolio management, trading, operations, and accounting tools on a single, unified platform. BlackRock’s Aladdin® platform is a financial technology platform designed for institutional use only and is not intended for end investor use.

For further information please contact:

BNY

Anneliese Diedrichs

+44 (0) 7930 135524

Anneliese.diedrichs@bny.com

Liontrust

Share Communications

liontrustpr@sharecomms.co.uk

Hugo Mortimer-Harvey

+44(0)7769 722663

hmortimer-harvey@sharecomms.co.uk

Eleanor Mitchell

+44(0)7947 823957

emitchell@sharecomms.co.uk

BlackRock

Emma Phillips

+44 (0) 7841 220365

emma.phillips@blackrock.com

Ellie Bishop

+44 (0) 7741 811316

Ellie.bishop@blackrock.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.