What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Corporate Trust Sees Changes Brewing in Debt Capital Markets

Last month, BNY Mellon attended ABS East in Miami. This signature conference allows us to help track the pulse of the industry and share our best thinking with fixed income investors, debt capital markets issuers, underwriters/structurers, analysts, and industry influencers.

According to Aidan Canny, Managing Director, Global Head of Financial Institutions & Investment Managers for BNY Mellon’s Corporate Trust Business, and Sonal Patel, Americas Business Development Group Head, while the mood is very positive, a number of changes are brewing in key asset classes.

Among their main observations:

As products have become better defined and more familiar, investor understanding of these products has increased. They are more savvy and more confident and asking for more. “Market maturity will stand us in good stead over the long haul,” said Canny. “It means markets are more capable of dealing with macroeconomic shocks and with pricing volatility.” This was a key topic of discussion in his panel on the value of investing in the U.S. versus European markets.

While the CLO market is enjoying record volumes globally, its success is also creating new challenges. CLOs attract a significant amount of attention, and further the market has seen a frenzy of refinancing and resetting activity in 2018. “There’s a growing debate on where we are in the CLO cycle,” said Patel. “The consensus is that we are in the 7th inning, and the game may be changing, especially as the inventory of higher grade loans to securitize dwindles.”

Whether it be CLOs or more broadly, transparency of information delivery is a preoccupation among most investors. As a result, investors consistently demand technology innovation to understand their assets better and wrestle with the challenges of more complex documentation.

Outside of CLOs, the ABS market has continued to build momentum as capital flows into the market. In parallel, esoteric assets remain an important consideration as investors seek new pockets of yield. “The U.S. is a much deeper and broader market than Europe’s, which presents more opportunity to seek diverse investments and assets,” said Aidan Canny.

The prevalence of green investing and green projects has had a notable impact on the popularity of PACE financing and additional PACE securitization activity. This was one of the main focal points of Patel’s panel Green Investing.

Changing regulation and the broad trend of bank disintermediation is presenting opportunities for everyone in the debt capital markets. Non-traditional investors such as pension funds and insurance companies are making more forays into these areas than ever before, ultimately creating new opportunities. Banks are innovating in response.

Simply put, market maturity is driving changes in investor sentiment and in the actions of everyone participating in the debt capital markets. Investor demands continue to evolve and technological change keeps up its steady pace of growth. Both Canny and Patel agreed, “BNY Mellon embraces the challenges and the changes ahead.”

Media Contact:

Peter Gau +1 212 815 2754peter.gau@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.