What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Kirsten Mycroft, BNY Mellon Global Chief Privacy Officer on GDPR One Year Later

BNY Mellon was recently spotlighted in a Deloitte research study that reported financial services companies were quicker to adapt to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compared to companies from other sectors. The report titled, “After the Dust Settles: How Financial Services are Taking a Sustainable Approach to GDPR Compliance in a New Era for Privacy, One Year On” found financial services companies were better positioned to meet evolving privacy and data protection requirements because it is their mandate to operate in a highly regulated environment.

The research study of data privacy specialists in financial services companies across Europe, features comments from Kirsten Mycroft, Global Chief Privacy Officer, BNY Mellon on how GDPR can help benefit BNY Mellon’s business and clients. “Banks have taken GDPR seriously and implemented meaningful changes to their controls and processes,” said Mycroft. “Now the focus needs to be on ensuring that these changes are properly embedded into ‘business-as-usual’, that there is accountability and an effective operating model across the first and second lines of defense.”

Responding to how GDPR can help benefit clients, Mycroft said GDPR “has offered opportunity to engage with customers and give them the assurance that banks have privacy programs in place.” She added, “like any of our compliance programs, while they are intended to meet the requirements of a regulation, they are also very much driven by the need for us to maintain customer trust and to meet our customers’ and employees’ expectations. GDPR compliance strategies need to be customer centric and employee centric to guard against “tick-box compliance.”

How do companies effectively measure compliance? According to Mycroft, “companies need to ensure sustainable compliance and weave it into the fabric, into the DNA, of the organization.” Speaking to the importance of internal partnership and collaboration, she added, “very often there are different silos for data security, data governance, data quality, records management, etc. and to get privacy right you need to be collaborating across all those disciplines, as well as with the business lines, technology, risk, and compliance.” Mycroft concluded, “effectively protecting client personal information is a team effort.”

Kirsten Mycroft is BNY Mellon’s Global Chief Privacy Officer and leads the firm’s global Privacy program. She manages a global network of Data Privacy Specialists who work to ensure that BNY Mellon is protecting personal information, considering and mitigating privacy risks throughout the information lifecycle.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.