Financial Institutions Holding 70% of U.S. Deposit Accounts Have Access to RTP® Network for Real-Time Payments
New York – Financial Institutions that hold 70% of demand deposit accounts (DDA) now have access to real-time payments capabilities via banking technology providers connected to the RTP® network, the real-time payment system in the United States provided by The Clearing House.
With additional banking technology providers connecting to the RTP network, even more financial institutions have a technical path to offer real-time payments to their depository institution customers when their institution is ready. Jack Henry & Associates, FIS, Sherpa Technologies, PayFi, ACI, COCC, and other third-party banking technology providers have implemented streamlined processes to connect their clients to the RTP network.
“Through these technology providers, the RTP network is ready and available today for banks and credit unions of all sizes looking to provide real-time payment capabilities to customers,” said Russ Waterhouse, Executive Vice President of Product Development and Strategy at The Clearing House. “Once a financial institution is ready to connect to the RTP network, there is very good chance, a 70% chance, that they have an already proven path through one of the many banking technology providers who have connected to the network partnered with TCH.”
“In addition to institutions that are already processing on the network, we have over 150 banks and credit unions of all sizes signed up to join the network during the next few months and the network now has the technical capability to reach thousands more financial institutions.” said Steve Ledford, Senior Vice President of Product Development and Strategy at The Clearing House.
The RTP network, developed by The Clearing House, is the first new payments infrastructure built in the U.S. in more than 40 years and is empowering financial institutions and businesses to implement innovative, value-added use cases for faster payments. The RTP network gives the banking industry a modern platform for 24/7 domestic real-time payments, complete with rich data capabilities and immediate payment confirmation. The network enables instantaneous settlement and availability, so funds can be used or withdrawn as cash within seconds. The RTP network’s real-time payment capabilities are accessible to financial institutions that hold 70% of U.S. demand deposit accounts and the network currently reaches 56% of U.S. DDAs. The RTP network offers a flat pricing structure for all depository institutions regardless of size, does not include volume discounts or have minimum volume requirements, and, unlike ACH, does not charge an operator fee to receive payments.
About The Clearing House
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and the RTP® network. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. Most recently, The Clearing House has revolutionized U.S. payments infrastructure with the RTP network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contact
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House
212-612-9282
greg.macsweeney@theclearinghouse.org