What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon and Stanford University Join Forces to Meet Evolving Needs of Asset Owners

BNY Mellon announced today it has joined the Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing (SLTI) as an industry partner.

Through this long-term collaboration, BNY Mellon will work closely with the SLTI and the broader SLTI ecosystem in undertaking a series of initiatives to provide best-in-class support and guidance for asset owners. These efforts will include producing research-driven thought leadership, developing educational resources and providing networking opportunities for clients.

Major research themes in focus will include:

Tech enablement

Portfolio resilience

Institutional innovation

Data and operating models to enhance investing

Rohan Singh, Global Head of Asset Owners, Securities Services and Digital, BNY Mellon, said: “Today, asset owners are experiencing transformation like never before in the dynamic ways they engage with society and allocate for current conditions, while also planning for the future. Our collaboration with Stanford is the latest step in BNY Mellon’s ongoing effort to provide best-in-class resources and thought leadership as the role of these investors continues to evolve. It’s a privilege to be working alongside one of the world’s leading research institutions on this important work.”

Dr. Ashby Monk, Executive & Research Director, Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing, said: “The path towards a more innovative and sustainable marketplace must begin with a deeper understanding and appreciation for the role of long-term asset owners and by working closely with major financial players. We are thrilled to have BNY Mellon on board as a strategic member of our affiliate program, which will help us advance research and innovation affecting asset owners worldwide.”

Started in 2022, the SLTI is a research initiative run by Mike Lepech and Ashby Monk at Stanford University focused on studying pensions, sovereign funds, endowments, foundations and family offices to help them better achieve their objectives, while unlocking much-needed resources for critical societal projects. At its core, the SLTI believes LTIs play a critical role in achieving a more sustainable and resilient form of capitalism.

An upcoming podcast featuring the SLTI on the topic “Institutional Innovation for Asset Owners” will launch in February 2023 on BNY Asset Owner Institute – a platform sharing curated thought leadership and market insights to help asset owners stay ahead of the curve.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2022, BNY Mellon had $44.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing (SLTI)

SLTI is multi-disciplinary research initiative housed within the School of Engineering, in collaboration with the SDGC, the Engineering Informatics Group, the Stanford Center at the Incheon Global Campus, and the Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering.

Media Contact:

BNY Mellon

Ryan Wells

ryanw@bnymellon.com

Stanford

Ashby Monk

amonk@stanford.edu

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.