What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon and Arjuna Capital Collaborate on Climate Strategy

NEW YORK – March 23, 2023 – The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY Mellon”) (NYSE: BK), a leading global financial services institution and Arjuna Capital, a sustainable investment management firm, announced today a collaboration to accelerate BNY Mellon’s climate strategy.

BNY Mellon’s diversified financial services power the world’s capital markets, offering a comprehensive set of solutions through its Securities Services, Market and Wealth Services, and Investment and Wealth Management segments. The company has a track record of reporting on climate change work that leverages its data and analysis, including relating to GHG emissions, climate risk, business resiliency and serving clients with solutions to help them meet their climate-related goals. For 15 years, BNY Mellon has reported annually through its Enterprise ESG Report, utilizing standards and frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”).

Arjuna Capital is a sustainable investment firm that works with accredited investors and institutions to invest their assets with a lens toward environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risk and opportunity. Arjuna Capital actively engages its portfolio companies to address climate risk in a transparent and meaningful way. The investment firm has been recognized for using shareholder resolutions to promote climate action and racial and gender pay equity.

BNY Mellon believes disclosing its ESG approach is an important element of transparency and risk management and therefore can be a driver of shareholder value. You can find more information in the 2021 Enterprise ESG Report.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2022, BNY Mellon had $44.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About Arjuna Capital

Arjuna Capital is a sustainable investment firm that works with accredited investors and institutions to invest their assets with a lens toward environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risk and opportunity. For more information, visit www.arjuna-capital.com.

Contacts: Media Garrett Marquis +1 949 683 1503garrett.marquis@bnymellon.com Analysts Marius Merz +1 212 298 1480marius.merz@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.