Vice President, Full-Stack Engineer

At BNY, our culture empowers you to grow and succeed. As a leading global financial services company at the centre of the world’s financial system we touch nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day around the globe, our 50,000+ employees bring the power of their perspective to the table to create solutions with our clients that benefit businesses, communities and people everywhere. We continue to be a leader in the industry, awarded as a top home for innovators and for creating an inclusive workplace. Through our unique ideas and talents, together we help make money work for the world. This is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Vice President, Full-Stack Engineer to join our team. This role is located in Lake Mary, FL. In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Develop and maintain backend services and build and integrate frontend components. Design and optimize relational and NoSQL databases; implement stored procedures, partitioning and data modeling. Use Docker and Kubernetes for containerization; apply CI/CD best practices to streamline deployments and enforce code quality. Collaborate on API design and integration, ensuring secure and efficient inter-process communication. Participate in code reviews and change control processes, with a focus on performance, memory tuning, and maintainability. Support data initiatives by enabling access to large datasets, integrating with analytics tools, and contributing to data documentation and reporting. Develop and maintain data visualization dashboards and ensure responsive, cross-browser compatible UI experiences. Collaborate with stakeholders to deliver projects end to end. Work with other engineers to elevate technology and follow best practices. Collaborate with the team on overall efforts. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: Bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. 5-7 years of professional software development experience across backend and frontend technologies. Proficiency in Java (Java 8+), Spring Boot, REST APIs, and microservices architecture. Experience with frontend frameworks such as Angular, RxJS, Material and Bootstrap. Strong database experience with Oracle and MongoDB, including data modeling, query optimization, aggregation pipelines, and stored procedures. Familiarity with containerization and cloud environments (e.g Docker and Kubernetes). Understanding of CI/CD processes, code reviews and secure coding practices. Ability to work with APIs for integration and communication across systems. Skilled in scripting and tooling - experience with Linux scripting, AppDynamics, DBeaver, Swagger and virtual data modelling is preferred. Comfortable operating across the full development lifecycle - from designing backend logic to building and integrating user interfaces. Exposure to Snowflake, Data Science and Analytics is a plus - experience with large dataset analysis, machine learning model deployment, and reporting is highly valued. Not require sponsorship for employment visa status (now or in the future) in the region where they apply At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at: BNY Newsroom BNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards: America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025 World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025 “Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025 Our Benefits and Rewards: BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. BNY assesses market data to ensure a competitive compensation package for our employees. The base salary for this position is expected to be between $80,000 and $168,000 per year at the commencement of employment. However, base salary if hired will be determined on an individualized basis, including as to experience and market location, and is only part of the BNY total compensation package, which, depending on the position, may also include commission earnings, discretionary bonuses, short and long-term incentive packages, and Company-sponsored benefit programs. This position is at-will and the Company reserves the right to modify base (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, change in geographic location, Company or individual department/team performance and market factors.  
