Staff Accountant

Who We Are:

Opening its doors over 45 years ago, FSSI is a leading document outsourcing company servicing Fortune 500 companies in the financial, banking, insurance and billing industries across the U.S.

We are currently looking for an on-site Staff Accountant to join our team in Santa Ana, CA. This role is responsible for performing general ledger account and bank statement reconciliations, month end close procedures, assisting with the preparation of monthly financial statements, financial analysis reporting, and developing and maintaining department budgets. This position will also assist with accounts payable and accounts receivable duties, as needed.

Schedule: This role requires full-time, onsite presence, Monday through Friday, at our Santa Ana, CA location.

Your Essential Duties:

Follow company's established accounting procedures.

Perform monthly bank reconciliations.

Prepare month end closing journal entries.

Maintain detailed reconciliations of all balance sheet accounts.

Prepare monthly financial statement package.

Provide analysis of expense accounts.

Assist in annual budget preparation.

Post monthly budget reports for department managers after evaluating financial performance by comparing

actual results vs budget/forecast.

Maintain fixed asset system, which includes reconciliation of general ledger to fixed asset system, preparation of

depreciation schedules, and monthly recording of depreciation.

Research and answer basic accounting inquiries.

Provide support for accounts payable & accounts receivable activities, as needed.

Prepare daily cash report when needed.

Assist with physical inventory counting.

Collect pertinent information for third party audits.

Protect organizations’ assets by keeping financial information confidential.

Perform other duties as assigned or required by management.

Requirements

What You Bring:

Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance required

Minimum of two years' work experience in accounting

Effective communication skills, written and verbal, with the ability to clearly communicate issues to all levels of

management.

PC literate with a working knowledge of MS Word and proficiency in Excel

NetSuite experience preferred

Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload in order to meet tight deadlines

Effective analytical and problem-solving skills

Team player and able to collaborate with other departments in the organization

Work effectively with minimal supervision

Curious mindset with a desire to understand the "why” behind the numbers.

Benefits

Why Join Us?

Employee Ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP): When you join our team, you’re not just an employee—you become an employee-owner, sharing in the success of our company and shaping its future.

Culture of CARE for our Employees: We offer strong, competitive benefit plans for our employees and their families.

Industry Leadership: FSSI is a technology-driven leader in document services, focused on providing best-in-class services and dedicated to utilizing industry-leading software and equipment.

Benefits include:

401(k) & Roth + Employee Stock Ownership Plan

Medical, Dental, Vision & Life Insurance

Vacation, sick leave and paid holidays – including your birthday!

Employee Assistance & Care Programs

Additional perks & employee award programs

Salary Range: $34.61 - $43.27 an hour (72k - 90k annual)
