What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Hannah L., spent her summer working in Operations.

8 a.m. I leave my house just before 8:00 a.m. to drive to the station and catch the 8:15 train along with another intern. My commute is only around 25 minutes which is great especially when the train is quiet enough that I can get a seat! I spend my free time during the commute learning Spanish. The walk from Manchester Piccadilly station to the One Piccadilly Gardens building is less than 10 minutes and I’m ready to start work just before 9:00 a.m.. As soon as I get into the office, I usually check my emails and get started with a few of the projects I have been tasked to complete.

11:30 a.m. It’s time to work with my team to plan our upcoming design challenge workshop. I love this part of my job, as it pushes me to be creative with how I engage my audience. In the Innovation Center’s conference room, we conduct a dry run of the workshop to ensure everything goes smoothly.

2 p.m. I have lunch in the cafeteria with some other interns. It’s lovely to catch up, hear how everyone is getting on and help learn from each other. At this time, I join the daily team meetings which have been great to reflect and hear what the group is working on. I will often contribute by showing work I have created to keep everyone in the loop and offer up challenging questions. After this quick call, I have allocated some dedicated learning time on Learn at BNY with one of my recent courses being PowerBI Essential Training, which has been insightful putting this software learning into practice for my projects.

“Over this internship, I’ve become a lot more confident in my ability to network, ask thoughtful questions and gain career advice and insights from experienced employees.”

4:30 p.m. Usually there are some leadership chats or workshops for interns in the afternoon. Topics range from wellness, finding your balance, career development, how to give and receive feedback and more. To round out the day, I like to make sure I have ticked everything off my day’s to-do list and make notes for the following day. Finally, I check my emails to see if anything else is required from me before I log out and head home on the train.

Hannah's day at BNY started at 8:00 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."

"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."

"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."

"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."

"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.