What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Björn Storim Appointed CEO of the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV

Storim to succeed Leonique van Houwelingen who has been named EMEA Head of Strategic Growth and Regional Head of Client Coverage for Asset Servicing

BNY Mellon today announced its intention for Björn Storim to succeed Leonique van Houwelingen as CEO of the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV (“the European Bank”), subject to board and regulatory approval. Ms. van Houwelingen has been appointed as EMEA Head of Strategic Growth and Regional Head of Client Coverage for the Asset Servicing business, effective 16 July, and will be a Non-Executive Director of the European Bank, subject to regulatory approval.

Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International at BNY Mellon, said: “BNY Mellon has been serving European clients for over a century and we have an ambitious growth strategy in this important region, meeting the needs of large, sophisticated pension schemes and asset owners and managers, delivering innovative solutions and seamless access to our global capabilities. We have a strong regional leadership team in place who play a central role in strengthening our presence in Europe.”

Ms. van Houwelingen has been CEO of BNY Mellon’s European Bank since 2018 and has been an Executive Board member of the European Bank since 2015. She was a member of the European Capital Markets Union High Level Forum and held a number of board positions including at the Foreign Bankers’ Association, the Dutch Association for Banks and since 2019, is a board member at JA Europe. She holds a degree in Dutch Civil Law from the University of Leiden.

Mr. Storim joined BNY Mellon in 2020 as Head of Germany, Switzerland, Austria, and Central & Eastern Europe after 16 years at Credit Suisse, where he was responsible for global markets, international wealth management, asset management and regulatory affairs in Germany. He has a degree in Economics, Banking and Finance from the University of Nuremberg and holds a TRIUM Executive Master of Business Administration from the London School of Economics, Stern School of Business at New York University and the École des Hautes Études Commmerciales de Paris. He is also certified by the Global Association of Risk Professionals as a Financial Risk Manager and is a Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

Mr. Kablawi added: “I’d like to thank Leonique for her leadership as CEO of the European Bank, and congratulate Björn, who is well suited to drive the next phase of our business plans in Europe.”

The European Bank has offices in Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Spain. It works with a wide range of asset managers, insurance companies, financial institutions, pension funds, corporations and other clients throughout Europe, offering asset servicing and ancillary services, corporate trust, treasury services, markets and clearing and collateral management services.

About BNY MellonBNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of March 31, 2021, BNY Mellon had $41.7 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.2 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NVThe Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited liability company, wholly owned by BNY Mellon and is regulated and supervised by the European Central Bank and the National Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority for conduct of business rules.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.