The Clearing House Honors H. Rodgin Cohen with 2014 Chairman’s Achievement Award
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT:
Sean Oblack
202.649.4629
Industry veteran recognized for a lifetime of contributions to the banking industry
New York, NY – November 20, 2014 – The Clearing House (TCH), the oldest payments company and banking association in the United States, honored Sullivan & Cromwell’s Senior Chairman, H. Rodgin Cohen, as the recipient of its 2014 Chairman’s Achievement Award on Thursday, November 20, 2014. The award recognizes a leader in the banking field whose professional contributions have positively shaped the industry throughout his or her professional career.
Richard Davis, Chairman, President and CEO of US Bancorp and Chairman of The Clearing House Supervisory Board, presented the award to Cohen at a gala dinner attended by leading regulators, academics, industry executives and legal and regulatory professionals at The Pierre Hotel in New York at the Fourth Annual Conference of The Clearing House.
“It is without a doubt that Rodge Cohen, this year’s recipient, truly embodies lifetime achievement and leadership in the banking industry,” Mr. Davis said. “His positive influence stretches well beyond the law – and far into the banking industry. For decades, there has hardly been a major acquisition, divestiture, public offering, bailout, crisis or attempt to prevent a crisis in which he has not played a central role.”
James Aramanda, President and CEO of The Clearing House said, “Rodge has the respect of regulators and market participants alike, and The Clearing House is honored to recognize him for his countless contributions to the financial services industry throughout his illustrious career.
Paul Saltzman, President of The Clearing House Association added, “Rodge has been an invaluable advisor to The Clearing House, and to the industry as a whole. I am privileged to get to work with him on such a frequent basis so I can wholeheartedly attest to how deserving he is of this recognition.”
“I am honored to accept this prestigious award,” said Mr. Cohen. “I look forward to continuing my partnership with The Clearing House as we work together to support a better, stronger banking system.”
Mr. Cohen’s contributions to the banking sector have touched on nearly every part of the industry. He has provided counsel on major financial services acquisitions, ground breaking public offerings, high profile bank resolutions, corporate governance, the establishment of foreign banks’ U.S. presence, and regulatory compliance. In addition, Mr. Cohen has advised numerous central bankers, Treasury officials, regulators, elected officials and countless others on critical structural and regulatory matters. He has served high-profile organizations including FDIC Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee, the National Security Agency Advisory Board’s Emerging Technologies Panel, the Treasury Advisory Committee on the Auditing Profession and The New York State Commission to Modernize the Regulation of Financial Services, among others. He has served as both an advisor and as outside counsel to The Clearing House’s boards of directors since 1974.
Mr. Cohen joined Sullivan & Cromwell LLP in 1970 following service in the U.S. Army. He is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School.
He is the third recipient of The Clearing House Annual Chairman’s Achievement Award, which was presented to former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg last year. Donald Kohn, former Federal Reserve Vice Chairman, was the recipient of the award in 2012.
About The Clearing House Established in 1853, The Clearing House is the oldest banking association and payments company in the United States. It is owned by the world’s largest commercial banks, which collectively hold more than half of all U.S. deposits and which employ over one million people in the United States, and more than two million people worldwide. The Clearing House Association L.L.C. is a nonpartisan advocacy organization that represents the interests of its owner banks by promoting and developing policies to support a safe, sound and competitive banking system that serves customers and communities. Its affiliate, The Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C., which is regulated as a systemically important financial market utility, owns and operates payments technology infrastructure that provides safe and efficient payment, clearing and settlement services to financial institutions, and leads innovation and thought leadership activities for the next generation of payments. It clears almost $2 trillion each day, representing nearly half of all automated clearing-house, funds transfer and check-image payments made in the United States. See The Clearing House’s web page at www.theclearinghouse.org.
.