Wells River Savings Bank to Implement the RTP® Network, TCH’s Real-Time Payments System
New York & Wells River, VT, January 12, 2020 – Wells River Savings Bank, a community bank in Vermont, announced that it has committed to bringing real-time payments capabilities to its customers through the RTP® network developed by The Clearing House (TCH). Wells River will gain access to the RTP network through SHAZAM, Inc., a national debit-branded network and provider of core, EFT and other financial services to community financial institutions, while Atlantic Community Bankers Bank (ACBB) will provide funding agent capabilities. With the RTP network, Wells River will deliver to its customers the most modern payments infrastructure in the world, enabling consumers and businesses with immediate availability to funds received 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, and with instant clearing and settlement between the sending and receiving financial institutions.
“Our customers need financial technology tools that align with their personal and business needs. Providing real-time payments is an important step for us, allowing us to deliver important new functionality to our customers, thereby improving their customer experience,” said Judy Lavely, CFO and COO of Wells River Savings Bank. “Working with TCH, SHAZAM, and ACBB gives us the confidence that we will be able to achieve these goals, while at the same time providing our customers with banking capabilities that they have come to expect from us, in a cost effective way.”
SHAZAM is providing Wells River with access to the RTP network through its SHAZAM Pay faster payments gateway, which will enable any size financial institution to affordably implement real-time payments through its SHAZAM Pay API. SHAZAM has historically been at the forefront of providing innovative faster payment solutions. Integration into the RTP network enables and extends its gateway to a new set of account-based, real-time payment transactions and related value-added services.
“As a nationwide network, it’s important to SHAZAM that our clients have access to the RTP network and accompanying data so they can offer new intelligent, real-time payments capabilities to their accountholders,” said Janet LaFrence, the faster payments program manager at SHAZAM. “This is just another way we strengthen community financial institutions as they serve the next generation of consumers.”
ACBB is providing funding and liquidity management services to Wells River, which allows Wells River to more easily manage real-time payments funding for the RTP network. As a funding agent, ACBB offers an efficient way for financial institutions to monitor and manage funding requirements for real-time payments 24/7. ACBB is committed to working with community FIs, such as Wells River, to integrate with all payment systems, including the RTP network.
“ACBB is delighted with the opportunity to work collaboratively with TCH, SHAZAM, and Wells River Savings Bank on this important project,” said William Booth, Head of Product Strategy & Innovation at ACBB. “We are fortunate to have industry leading, innovative community-oriented FIs among our clients. We look forward to working with Wells River on its participation in the RTP network, including the development of new use cases and support for how Wells River can compete even more effectively in the communities it serves.”
The RTP network, developed by The Clearing House, is the first new payments infrastructure built in the U.S. in more than 40 years and is empowering financial institutions and businesses to implement innovative, value-added use cases for faster payments. The RTP network gives the banking industry a modern platform for 24/7 domestic real-time payments, complete with rich data capabilities and immediate payment confirmation. The network enables instantaneous settlement and availability, so funds can be used or withdrawn as cash within seconds. The RTP network’s real-time payment capabilities reach 57% of U.S. demand deposit accounts, with more financial institutions joining the network each week. Moreover, FIs that hold 70% of U.S. DDAs have technical access to the RTP network, often through core banking technology providers, such as SHAZAM and others. The RTP network offers a flat pricing structure for all depository institutions regardless of size, does not include volume discounts or have minimum volume requirements, and, unlike ACH, does not charge an operator fee to receive payments.
“The Clearing House is excited to welcome Wells River Savings Bank to the real-time payments revolution,” said Steve Ledford, Senior Vice President of Product Strategy and Development at The Clearing House. “SHAZAM’s technology and ACBB’s funding agent expertise are very helpful when it comes to bringing community financial institutions of all sizes onto the RTP network.”
####
About Wells River
Wells River Savings Bank is a $200 million Vermont based mutual savings bank with five branch locations along the Vermont side of the Connecticut River. The bank has an interesting heritage. In 1833, the Bank of Newbury was incorporated to serve the communities of Wells River and the surrounding villages. It was a state bank until 1867, when it adopted a national charter, and became the National Bank of Newbury. The bank focused on checking accounts and commercial loans. In 1892, the directors saw an opportunity to expand their services to savings accounts and residential mortgages and joined with community members to charter the Wells River Savings Bank. For our customers and communities, the two banks were known as the “Wells River Bank” or the “Good Neighbor Bank”. In 1981, reacting to changes within the banking industry, the two banks merged under the management of the savings bank.
We are proud of our mutual bank heritage. We are owned by our depositors, so our profits stay local to help build our communities. Our mission remains consistent with the vision of our founders in 1833 and 1892, to make our communities better places to live, work, and raise families. The bank is a member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender.
About SHAZAM
SHAZAM pioneered the PIN-debit point-of-sale transaction, still used worldwide today. We’re the only nationwide independent, member-owned debit network, processor and core provider supporting community banks and credit unions. Since our member financial institutions own us instead of shareholders, we are able to reinvest in technologies our clients need as they serve the next generation of consumers. SHAZAM ensures our clients have the products and services they demand and expect in a cost-effective way. Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Iowa, we’re a leader in payments and financial technology, with a simple mission: Strengthening community financial institutions. Visit us today at shazam.net.
About ACBB
Owned by community Financial Institutions, ACBB delivers outstanding correspondent and payment capabilities with a personal touch. We advocate for the industry, aggregate services to drive economies of scale and guide our clients by extending resources and expertise as a trusted partner. www.acbb.com
About The Clearing House
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and the RTP® network. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. Most recently, The Clearing House has revolutionized U.S. payments infrastructure with the RTP network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contacts
Valerie Cibula
SHAZAM
o: 515.288.2828, ext. 2902
c: 515.360.1101
Nikki Clark
ACBB
717.737.9335
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House
212.612.9282