What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Bana Akkad-Azhari Appointed Head of BNY Mellon Treasury Services, EMEA

BNY Mellon has announced that Bana Akkad-Azhari has been promoted to Head of Treasury Services Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with immediate effect.

In her new role, Akkad-Azhari is responsible for fostering strategic growth in the region across payments, liquidity and trade finance. Leveraging new product developments and industry initiatives she will help meet growing client demand for faster payments and robust supply chain financing.

Bana Akkad-Azhari

“Bana’s transaction banking expertise, extensive knowledge of the region and her leadership experience make her the ideal fit for this important role,” said Jennifer Barker, CEO of Treasury Services, BNY Mellon. “Her clear understanding of our client’s needs will be instrumental in shaping our EMEA strategy.”

Akkad-Azhari has over 25 years’ experience in transaction banking in EMEA. She first joined BNY Mellon in 2006 as Chief Representative for Lebanon and became Treasury Services’ Head of Relationship Management for MEA and the Commonwealth of Independent States in 2014. Most recently, she served as co-head of Treasury Services EMEA. Operating from her new base in London, Akkad-Azhari reports to Eric Boughner, Head of Relationship Management and Business Development for Treasury Services.

Akkad-Azhari shared, “With transaction banking changing globally, understanding the varied nature of markets and client needs across the region is critical. I am excited to work with our clients and stakeholders to deliver meaningful results, capture opportunities and expand BNY Mellon’s footprint.”

An active member of the BAFT MENA Council since 2017, Akkad-Azhari is currently on the board of directors for the Arab Bankers Association in the UK, a member of the BNY Mellon EMEA Executive Committee, and the Treasury Services Leadership Team. She also served on the board of the American Lebanese Chamber of Commerce until 2022.

About BNY MellonBNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $43.0 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

Contact:

Media Nina Trumannina.truman@bnymellon.com +1 212 815 2006

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.