What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon and Bank of the West Announce Agreement on New Real-Time Payments (RTP®) Solution and Disbursements with Zelle® for Commercial Clients

SYDNEY

SYDNEY, Oct. 22, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- BNY Mellon and Bank of the West announced agreement today where BNY Mellon is providing Bank of the West extended capabilities to help deliver faster payments solutions for its commercial clients through connectivity to RTP® and Disbursements with Zelle®.

"This reseller agreement is part of our strategy to help banks accelerate payment innovation," said Tony Brady, Digital Platform Officer (DPO) for BNY Mellon's Treasury Services business. "In turn, banks can 'pay it forward' to their clients. It's part of the responsibility we take on as a leader in modernizing the global payment ecosystem."

BNY Mellon is a leading provider of faster payments solutions for U.S. banks, including through connectivity to both RTP® and Disbursements with Zelle®. In November 2017, BNY Mellon was the first bank to go live on RTP®, and in 2018, became the first reseller of Disbursements with Zelle®. RTP® allows consumers and businesses to send and receive funds and messages in real time, 24/7/365, directly from their existing bank accounts. Tokenized Payments solutions, such as Zelle, eliminate the need for banks to store or process payees' bank account information, and provide a fast, secure, convenient and digital consumer experience. They also eliminate the cost and hassle associated with physical checks and traditional payment options, which take longer and cost more to process.

"Real Time Payments is an exciting industry initiative that we believe will play a key role in our commercial clients' payment strategy," says Eileen Dignen, EVP, Head of Cash Management and Commercial Card at Bank of the West. "Efficiency and speed of payments is critical in the global corporate environment and Bank of the West is pleased to increase our capabilities through this agreement."

Bank of the West plans to offer Account and Alias (email or mobile number) based RTP services for its commercial banking clients by leveraging BNY Mellon's immediate payments product suite. For Bank of the West, this collaboration enables the bank to maintain its competitive edge, demonstrate its commitment to innovation and position the bank to bring faster RTP to the market. As an Owner Bank of The Clearing House (TCH), Bank of the West is committed to launching RTP by next year. The bank is also an existing Zelle participant providing its retail clients value-added peer-to-peer services. Through this partnership, Bank of the West will now extend Zelle capabilities to its commercial clients offering them a convenient method for business to consumer disbursements.

BNY Mellon is an Owner Bank of The Clearing House and a direct participant in this new network. It works with participating industry partners to drive the standards, best practices and guidelines for this new network to ensure that all participants have a consistent, efficient and streamlined experience. A collective goal of the network is to grow adoption of RTP® which is intended to be a ubiquitous network for all U.S. financial institutions. Concluded Brady, "Our engagement with Bank of the West is a great step forward towards achieving market ubiquity."

Notes to Editors:

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of September 30, 2018, BNY Mellon had $34.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About Bank of the West

The fundamental belief that a bank should have a positive impact on society drives Bank of the West. At a time when people demand more from companies, we are taking action to ensure our activities help protect the planet, improve people's lives, and strengthen communities. That's why we are investing where we can have a real impact: supporting energy transition, helping enable female entrepreneurs and financing innovative start-ups. As the bank for a changing world, Bank of the West is committed to sustainable finance along with our parent company BNP Paribas, which is one of the only financial organizations in the world to adopt the UN Sustainable Development Goals. Through Digital Channels and offices across the U.S., Bank of the West provides financial tools and resources to more than 2 million individuals, families and businesses.

Deposit and loan products offered by Bank of the West, Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. © 2018 Bank of the West. Doing business in South Dakota as Bank of the West California.

Contact:

Roy Chew +65 6372 6974roy.chew@bnymellon.com

Frank Pinto +1 917 309-1065

frank.pinto@bnymellon.com

Anita Fox Bank of the West 415-432-3696media.relations@bankofthewest.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.