What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Ready to learn more about Global Payments & Trade?

Ready to learn more about Global Payments & Trade?

Please fill out the form below. Thank you for your interest in BNY.

Validation & Protection

Validation & Protection

A unified, cross-platform control layer that helps clients safeguard payments, reduce risk and stay resilient

OUR VALUE

Our embedded ecosystem delivers multilayer defenses across global payment flows. AI-enabled anomaly detection, comprehensive validation services and secure operational controls combine to help protect revenue, reduce fraud and strengthen continuity.

SOLUTION HIGHLIGHTS

01

Dynamic Protections

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), real-time transaction monitoring, anomaly detection and rapid response are mapped to shifting risk.

02

Data Transparency/Insight

Real-time alerts, configurable rules and pattern analysis deliver visibility and insight. APIs provide instant authentication and automated screening.

03

Modern Payment Safety

AI and open banking support safer payments across payment rails. Targeted controls are applied where risk is highest – including check protections.

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

BNY leverages advanced technology and a data-driven approach to offer customizable solutions.

Real-time account and payment validation, vendor authentication with payment risk scoring via BNY with Paymode®, and secure pay-by-bank payments with bank-sourced data via BankifySM secure payments.

Positive Pay & Positive Payee for check clearing, secure nationwide Lockbox with compliant processing and consolidated transmission and protected imaging help safeguard check payments.

Payment validation for ACH, ACH Debit Block, ACH Fraud Filter, tokenized payments with Zelle® and Bankify pay-by-bank solutions help strengthen ACH payment security.

Tracking, account and beneficiary validation, evolving AML/KYC compliance and Swift controls help make cross-border payments more secure and predictable.

Automated detection and proactive monitoring using real-time and historical data that analyzes transactional behavior help stop fraudulent payments.

Real-time verification of account ownership and routing/account details helps reduce returns and fees, support network compliance and simplify manual checks.

Transaction details are checked against the rules profile, helping to identify erroneous/unauthorized instructions, automate recalls, block unwanted ACH and manage rules/decisions.

BENEFITS AT A GLANCE

Asset Protection

BNY’s validation and protection controls help reduce exposure to financial loss, regulatory risk and reputational harm.

Operational Optimization

Automated verifications and fewer manual reviews help improve straight-through processing and operational efficiency.

Real-Time Controls

Continuous monitoring, anomaly recognition and configurable rules help enable swift mitigation.

Stronger Connectivity

Cash management and decision-making are improved with protected, real-time multibank data via APIs/open banking.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may also be used as a generic term to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally and may include The Bank of New York Mellon, a banking corporation organized and existing pursuant to the laws of the State of New York.

This material and any products and services may be issued or provided under various brand names in various countries by duly authorised and regulated branches, subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint ventures of BNY, which may include any of the following: The Bank of New York Mellon, operating in the United States at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10286 and operating in the UK and EU through its branches The Bank of New York Mellon -London Branch at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, England, registered in England and Wales with numbers FC005522 and BR025038. The Bank of New York Mellon Frankfurt Branch at Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main Germany, registered in Germany with Registration No. HRB 12731.

The Bank of New York Mellon is supervised and regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the US Federal Reserve and authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. The Bank of New York Mellon Frankfurt Branch is bank under the German Banking Act and subject to regulation by BaFin.

BNY has various subsidiaries, affiliates, branches and representative offices in the Asia Pacific Region which are subject to regulation by the relevant local regulator in that jurisdiction. The Bank of New York Mellon, Singapore Branch, subject to regulation by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Bank of New York Mellon, Hong Kong Branch, subject to regulation by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities & Futures Commission of Hong Kong. If this material is distributed in Japan, it is distributed by The Bank of New York Mellon Securities Company Japan Ltd, as intermediary for The Bank of New York Mellon. If this material is distributed in, or from, the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”), it is communicated by The Bank of New York Mellon, DIFC Branch, regulated by the DFSA and located at DIFC, The Exchange Building 5 North, Level 6, Room 601, P.O. Box 506723, Dubai, UAE, on behalf of The Bank of New York Mellon, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. The Bank of New York Mellon is regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and also holds an Australian Financial Services Licence No. 527917 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission to provide financial services to wholesale clients in Australia. BNY has various subsidiaries, affiliates, branches and representative offices in the Latin America Region which are subject to specific regulation by the relevant local regulator in each jurisdiction. This material does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any products or services in the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. BNY does not represent that this material may be lawfully distributed, or that any products may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the issuer which would permit a public offering of any products or distribution of this material in the PRC. Accordingly, the products are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this material or any other document. Neither this material nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Products may be offered or sold to PRC investors outside the territory of the PRC provided that such PRC investors are authorized to buy and sell the products in the offshore market. Potential PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals from the PRC government authorities, including but not limited to the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to those of the PRC, before purchasing the products.

The information contained in this material is for use by wholesale clients only and is not to be relied upon by retail clients. Not all products and services are offered at all locations. This material, which may be considered advertising, is for general information and reference purposes only and is not intended to provide legal, tax, accounting, investment, financial or other professional advice on any matter, and is not to be used as such. BNY does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of, nor undertake to update or amend the information or data contained herein. BNY expressly disclaims any liability for any loss arising from or in reliance upon any of this information or data. Trademarks and logos belong to their respective owners.

© 2026 The Bank of New York Mellon. All rights reserved. Member FDIC June 2026.

READY TO TALK ABOUT WHAT'S NEXT?

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.