What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Brooke G., spent her summer working in Marketing.

8:45 a.m. I start each day by grabbing a cup of coffee before heading to my desk. We have our weekly social media sync meeting to discuss new projects, review last week's performance metrics and connect with the other social media team members. Afterwards, I take time to respond to urgent emails, prioritize tasks for the day and check my to-do list.

11 a.m. My day continues with content creation tasks that involve carefully going through the latest footage taken on my company-provided iPhone to create an Instagram Reel. I carefully select the most impactful clips, ensuring they align with our brand message and audience interests. After the selection, I begin my editing process. Being part of BNY’s culture encourages us to seek feedback and collaboration on our work. I share the edited video with my manager, fellow interns and my team to get their fresh perspectives. I also work with Legal to review the video as they are the key stakeholder in BNY's public facing content.

1 p.m. Some fellow interns and I grab lunch from the cafeteria. When the weather is nice, we head to our 21st-floor terrace rooftop. It’s nice to catch up with them and see what other projects they’re working on. We also invite some of the current analysts that were interns last year to learn more about their roles.

“Being a part of BNY's culture encourages us to seek feedback and collaboration on our work.”

4:30 p.m. As the day winds down, I have meetings with other interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We brainstorm ideas, share our progress and give each other constructive feedback. I also set up coffee chats with members of different teams to pick up advice. I enjoy hearing about their experiences, career insights and I always ask them questions to learn more.

Brooke's day at BNY started at 8:45 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."

"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."

"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."

"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."

"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.