Incident Management Analyst

Position summary: The Incident Management Analyst is responsible for the overall coordination of the incident management process, in particular when there are major incidents. This role is also responsible for the coordination of the investigation onto root cause, identifying workarounds and following up for permanent resolution.

Qualifications required:

2+ Years’ experience designing and executing incident/problem management processes.

2+ Years’ experience with an IT Service Management ticketing system.

1+ Years’ Service Now Experience

2+ Years of NOC Experience

Must be process driven, detail oriented and organized in both thought and practice

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Excellent active listening skills

Strong analytical and problem solving skills

Qualifications desired:

Must have a professional demeanor and be able to effectively work with internal and external customers, vendors and staff

Ability to work under pressure and handle conflicting priorities

Excellent time managements skills

Experience with TCH technologies

Evidence of strong documentation skills

Project management and MS Office experience a plus

Essential functions and responsibilities:

Contributes to planning and managing support for incident management tools and processes

Coordinating interfaces between incident management and other service management processes

Is the backup to the Incident manager for the managing of major incidents

Participates in maintaining incident/problem management processes and procedures

Review incident data to analyze assigned problems

Analyzes incident and problem tickets for correct prioritization and classification

Investigates problems through to resolution or root cause

Coordinates actions of other as necessary to assist with the analysis and resolution actions for problems and known errors

Assists the Incident manager with preparing reports and metrics pertaining to incident/problem management

Physical demands and work environment:

Work is generally sedentary in nature. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is generally performed within an office environment, with standard office equipment available.

Employees in this position will report to the office 2-3 days per week. Onsite work requirements may change at any time.
