Protect The Clearing 
House Real-time 
Payments
BROCHURE
info@niceactimize.com   |   niceactimize.com/blog   |        @NICE_actimize   |      /company/actimize   |     NICEactimize
Alleviate real-time jitters about real-time payments 
with proven fraud prevention solutions
The new Real-Time Payments (RTP) rail from The Clearing House 
(TCH) has Financial Institutions (FIs) in a rush to roll out this offering and 
excited to dream up new products to grow revenues and attract new 
customers. But network operating rules dictate that fraud monitoring be 
in place. Enterprise Fraud Directors and their teams may suffer sleepless 
nights trying to work out how to implement comprehensive and effective 
fraud monitoring in a matter of months. 
The TCH RTP offering represents something new – not just immediate 
payments that can be enjoyed by any segment the FI serves - but also 
adoption of rich ISO 20022 messaging, which enables instant, robust 
data exchange. All this means that fraudsters not only get their funds 
faster, but also gives them the ability to leverage messages gathering 
information and influencing unsuspecting victims. This ultimately 
enables them to invent new ways to attack and steal from FIs and their 
customers.
NICE Actimize provides solutions and subject matter expertise that 
helps fraud prevention teams rise to the challenge of protecting the TCH 
RTP-based products swiftly and with confidence.
Ready to get started? Get in touch: info@niceactimize.com

DON’T START FROM SCRATCH – LEVERAGE NICE ACTIMIZE’S INDUSTRY EXPERTISE
info@niceactimize.com   |   niceactimize.com/blog   |        @NICE_actimize   |      /company/actimize   |     NICEactimize
ADVANCED MODELING 
TECHNIQUES ENSURE 
EFFECTIVE FRAUD SCORES
Out-of-the-box behavioral profiles 
and predictive variables (analytical 
features) use knowledge of real 
time and faster payment frauds 
worldwide, and have been updated 
for the specifics of the TCH RTP 
offering. These pre-existing 
capabilities reduce the time and 
effort needed to prepare and deploy 
a fraud detection analytical model.
Cutting-edge machine learning 
models position FIs to apply real-
time declines on money-movement 
and help NICE Actimize data 
scientists to select the best algorithm 
for the FI’s portfolio and fraud profile.
FI Data Scientists are empowered 
to create and execute their own 
models in NICE Actimize’s Analytics 
Authoring Environment. These 
models complement the NICE 
Actimize standard model and enable 
the fraud analytics team to address 
unique insights from the Financial 
Institution’s own portfolio.
NICE Actimize’s managed analytics 
service provides proactive 
optimization of analytic models to 
ensure consistent performance, 
despite shifting fraud patterns and 
new fraud attack vectors. FIs gain 
insights into their own portfolio as 
well as trends in TCH RTP across 
institutions. 
MONITORING OF INCOMING 
TRANSACTIONS STOPS 
RECEIPT OF BAD FUNDS AND 
SUSPICIOUS REQUESTS 
Fraud strategy can be applied to 
incoming messages before requests 
for payment, information or return of 
funds are presented to the customer, 
and before funds are available 
to beneficiaries. This protects all 
customer segments doing business 
on RTP .
Fraud detection is improved, 
providing an enhanced view of 
customers and customer transaction 
risks by “seeing” the incoming funds 
and messages that precede or follow 
a customer’s activity.
ENABLE AUTOMATED AND 
AGILE DEFENSES 
Integration to customer servicing 
channels enables analytical models 
and strategy rules to leverage 
channel-access information that 
may indicate unauthorized access, 
triggering an in-session interruption, 
such as a prompt, for the customer 
to re-authenticate.
A robust strategy rule-writing 
platform helps fraud strategists write 
tactical rules for both monetary and 
non-monetary RTP transactions 
sent or received. These rules can 
be updated in a matter of minutes 
to rapidly address changing fraud 
threats.
STREAMLINE OPERATIONS 
AND ENABLE CUSTOMER 
SELF-TREATMENT OF ALERTS
Reduce fraud operations teams’ 
strain with integrated customer 
outreach systems to allow 
customer self-treatment of alerts 
Flexible alert prioritization puts 
the most critical alerts in front 
of the most skilled operations 
staff to help ensure timely and 
accurate resolution 
Configurable alert consolidation 
and RTP-specific workflows 
streamline the alert resolution 
process, ensuring the operations 
staff has a complete picture 
of the customer’s activity and 
doesn’t have to jump through 
hoops to resolve alerts
A virtual workforce of robots 
reduces rote, manual tasks, 
enabling fraud operations team 
members to focus on tasks 
requiring reasoning and analysis
BOOST FRAUD SOLUTION 
EFFECTIVENESS AND SATISFY 
TCH NETWORK OPERATING 
RULES
Automatically leverage anticipated 
TCH network-provided alerts, 
scores and insights in analytics, 
strategy and operations, adding a 
network-wide view to the FIs local 
fraud monitoring solution and 
eliminating manual effort to do so
Present alerts provided by 
TCH alongside NICE Actimize 
generated alerts to enhance 
the alert resolution process, 
while also meeting the network 
requirement to act on these alerts
Ready to get started? Get in touch: info@niceactimize.com