BNY Mellon has announced that Bana Akkad-Azhari has been promoted to Head of Treasury Services Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with immediate effect.
In her new role, Akkad-Azhari is responsible for fostering strategic growth in the region across payments, liquidity and trade finance. Leveraging new product developments and industry initiatives she will help meet growing client demand for faster payments and robust supply chain financing.
   
Bana Akkad-Azhari
“Bana’s transaction banking expertise, extensive knowledge of the region and her leadership experience make her the ideal fit for this important role,” said Jennifer Barker, CEO of Treasury Services, BNY Mellon. “Her clear understanding of our client’s needs will be instrumental in shaping our EMEA strategy.”
Akkad-Azhari has over 25 years’ experience in transaction banking in EMEA. She first joined BNY Mellon in 2006 as Chief Representative for Lebanon and became Treasury Services’ Head of Relationship Management for MEA and the Commonwealth of Independent States in 2014. Most recently, she served as co-head of Treasury Services EMEA. Operating from her new base in London, Akkad-Azhari reports to Eric Boughner, Head of Relationship Management and Business Development for Treasury Services.
Akkad-Azhari shared, “With transaction banking changing globally, understanding the varied nature of markets and client needs across the region is critical. I am excited to work with our clients and stakeholders to deliver meaningful results, capture opportunities and expand BNY Mellon’s footprint.”
An active member of the BAFT MENA Council since 2017, Akkad-Azhari is currently on the board of directors for the Arab Bankers Association in the UK, a member of the BNY Mellon EMEA Executive Committee, and the Treasury Services Leadership Team. She also served on the board of the American Lebanese Chamber of Commerce until 2022.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $43.0 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
Contact:
Media
  Nina Truman
nina.truman@bnymellon.com
  +1 212 815 2006