BNY Mellon today announced that it has been appointed by Vista Oil & Gas, an independent Latin American oil and gas company, as depositary bank for its American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. Each Vista ADR represents one ordinary share, and will trade on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol “VIST”.
   
Vista completed its Initial Public Offering on the Mexican Stock Exchange in August 2017, and is currently the sixth largest oil producer in Argentina according to the Argentine Secretariat of Energy. The majority of their ongoing drilling and workover activities, estimated proved reserves and assets are located in Argentina, including currently producing Vaca Muerta wells.
   
"We are excited to welcome Vista Oil & Gas to BNY Mellon’s depositary receipts group,” said Chris Kearns, CEO of BNY Mellon’s global depositary receipts business. “BNY Mellon has a long history of working with global issuers and is committed to further enhancing the visibility and access that Vista Oil & Gas has to the U.S. capital markets.”
   
BNY Mellon acts as depositary for more than 800 sponsored American and global depositary receipt programs as of December 31, 2018. Acting in partnership with leading companies from over 55 countries, BNY Mellon is committed to helping securities issuers access the world's rapidly evolving financial markets and delivers a comprehensive suite of depositary receipt services.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2019, BNY Mellon had $35.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.