What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Announces New Fintech Start-up Program Participants and Graduates

NEW YORK, 22 January, 2024 — BNY Mellon today announced the new fintech graduates of its Ascent Program, an expansion of its earlier Accelerator Program.

The Ascent Program seeks out exceptional early-stage companies worldwide to create new capabilities for our clients by collaborating on solutions through a proof-of-concept (POC). The program now extends across the entire global organization to make it easier for selected startups to perform a POC and collaborate with BNY Mellon teams across all lines of business. We congratulate our 2023 participants and graduates:

Participants:

Avocado: Automates end-to-end threat modelling and subsequent zero trust for critical enterprise applications, thereby lowering the time and efforts required to secure the applications.

Impak: Fuses an AI solution and human expertise to enhance environmental, social and governance (ESG) data and analytics. Their evidence-based and 360-degree context-rich impact analysis delivers smart insights to better manage risks and opportunity assessments for financial institutions and corporations.

Graduates:

AYR: AI-powered intelligent document processing platform that unlocks value in documents/images and enables process automation and digital transformation.

Obligo: Harnesses financial technology to build trust between renters and landlords, making the move-in and move-out process as simple as checking in and out of a hotel.

Marianna Lopert-Schaye, Managing Director and Global Head of Strategic Partnerships & Innovation (SPIN) said: “Core to our mission is supporting the BNY Mellon business segments in their strategic goals – from growth initiatives to operational efficiency. By tapping external innovation and industry expertise, we are driving commercial outcomes through programs like Ascent. We congratulate and thank our 2023 participants and look forward to building on our successful collaboration efforts to drive innovation forward for the global financial ecosystem.”

SPIN accelerates strategic outcomes at BNY Mellon by working with a select network of fintech entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs. It serves as a resource for internal teams to test and validate cutting-edge technologies that provide innovative and commercially-focused solutions enabling us to serve clients better and run the company more effectively. SPIN encompasses the Ascent Program and strategic investments with over 36 portfolio companies worldwide, as well as Innovation Centers to run ideation, design thinking and prototype validation.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.