What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Juanita Holmes Joins BNY Mellon as Global Head of Corporate Security

BNY Mellon today announced that Juanita Holmes will join the company on January 7, 2019 as Global Head of Corporate Security and will be based at 240 Greenwich Street in New York.

As Global Head of Corporate Security, Ms. Holmes will be responsible for ensuring the safety and security of BNY Mellon's employees, assets and property globally.

“Juanita’s 30+ years of experience with the New York City Police Department will provide valuable security expertise to BNY Mellon and our employees,” said Kevin McCarthy, the company’s General Counsel. “We thank Juanita for her service to New York City and are excited to welcome her to the company.”

Ms. Holmes joins BNY Mellon from the New York City Police Department, where she was one of the highest ranking African American women, and most recently served as the Assistant Chief, Commanding Officer of Patrol Borough Queens North. In this role, Ms. Holmes was responsible for managing crime prevention and reduction, community concerns, quality-of-life issues and possible terrorist threats for a 51-square mile area of Queens with 1.4 million residents. Ms. Holmes also oversaw major facilities within the parameters of her command, including LaGuardia Airport, CitiField Sports Stadium, and Flushing Meadow Park, including security at the annual U.S. Open tennis tournament. Prior to her most current position, Ms. Holmes held leadership roles in the Domestic Violence Unit, Training Bureau and the 81st Precinct in Brooklyn.

Ms. Holmes holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Empire State College and attended the Columbia Business School Executive Education’s Police Management Institute.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of September 30, 2018, BNY Mellon had $34.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.