BNY Mellon has appointed Mark Militello as Japan Country Executive, subject to regulatory approval. Mark will be responsible for driving the execution of our Japan strategy and growth priorities, and oversee governance responsibilities, including regulatory and legal compliance.
Mark will continue to serve in his current capacity as Asia Pacific Head of Markets and Clearance and Collateral Management for BNY Mellon. He is currently based in Hong Kong and he will relocate to Japan.
Mark Militello
“Japan is an important market for BNY Mellon. With a presence of more than 50 years in Japan, we continue to see opportunities to deepen our client relationships and grow our business,” said Fangfang Chen, Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital, BNY Mellon. “Mark’s combined local, regional and global experience in the financial services industry will be instrumental as we continue to execute on our growth priorities in Japan.”
Mark has over 18 years of experience of living and working in Japan including with Shinsei Bank, Lehman Brothers and Morgan Stanley. He began his career at Morgan Stanley in New York and first moved to Japan in 1987. He joined Lehman Brothers in Japan and later moved to Shinsei Bank in Tokyo, where he held various senior roles, including as Chief Operating Officer of the Institutional Bank and Co-Head of Corporate Banking.
Mark succeeds Doug Hymas, who informed the company of his decision to leave.
ABOUT BNY MELLON
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2020, BNY Mellon had $41.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.2 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.