FSSI, an industry-leading document outsourcing company, proudly announced the successful completion of its annual SOC 1, SOC 2 and SOC 3 audits with zero exceptions, continuing a long-standing commitment to superior security standards. Passing the audits signals compliance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) attestation standards of the SSAE-18 Type II examination, and demonstrates high-quality trust services.
For over 10 years, FSSI has continuously met or exceeded the AICPA security requirements by employing the latest and most advanced technologies and practices to maintain the safety and integrity of client information. By adhering to high data security standards, the company has achieved the highest level of assurance for its security procedures, including successfully completing the SOC audits, in addition to passing a separate HIPAA compliance audit.
“Our commitment to security and process controls is at the very core of our business foundation,” said FSSI President and CEO Jennifer Dietz. “We continually strive to maintain the gold standard for data security and conduct business in a way that always puts our clients’ best interests first. We are proud to demonstrate our efforts to maintain the highest level of security and compliance, and the validation of the hard work, trust and confidence that accompanies those efforts.”
The SSAE-18 Type II examination provides clients in highly-regulated industries, such as financial and healthcare, with the well-documented assurance that their confidential data is being handled in accordance with strict industry standards. Passing with “zero exceptions” means that FSSI had no deviations in the key processes and workflows related to SOC compliance, and was deemed to be operating in accordance with best practices. To meet new, stricter standards, the SOC audits also confirmed that there was effective management of FSSI’s third-party vendor relationships, with the same high-level standard of controls and oversight of applicable operations and activities.
In addition, FSSI completed a HIPAA compliance audit, which is beneficial for its healthcare-related clients and demonstrates that the proper safeguards are in place to ensure the security of protected patient data.
    About FSSI
FSSI is an employee owned, WBE-certified document outsourcing company that helps businesses maximize their impact and strategic value through highly customizable print-mail and digital communication solutions. Serving the financial, insurance, healthcare and other regulated industries, FSSI is well-versed in the security and data practices necessary to handle confidential customer information and remain compliant. Learn more about FSSI's capabilities by visiting fssi-ca.com. For business opportunities, please contact FSSI's Chief Revenue Officer, Dan Palmquist, at 714.436.3300 or .