What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Launches First ADR Program for Canadian Companies, Unlocking U.S. Market Access

BNY to allow access to certain Canadian equities via U.S. traded ADRs.

NEW YORK, 25 June 2025 -- The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY”) (NYSE: BK), a global financial services company, today announced the opening of an unsponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program for a leading Canadian supermarket chain.

This milestone marks the first time U.S. and global investors can leverage ADRs to access a Canadian equity. BNY expects to open additional unsponsored ADR programs, with Canadian issuers spanning a diverse range of sectors and industries anticipated to follow in the coming months.

These ADRs will allow global investors to invest in certain Canadian companies via U.S.-quoted, U.S. dollar-denominated securities. These ADRs settle through established U.S. market infrastructure, providing the efficiencies of domestic trading—including transparent pricing, enhanced liquidity, and streamlined clearing and custody.

“We’re pleased to provide investors with access to one of the world’s leading capital markets with strong regulatory foundations,” said Chris Kearns, Global Head of Depositary Receipts at BNY. “Our launch of ADRs on certain Canadian issuers provides global investors with a seamless, cost-effective, and transparent way to engage with those Canadian companies via U.S. markets. This marks a meaningful advancement in cross-border capital access and global market connectivity.”

BNY plans to open unsponsored ADR programs in a diverse range of sectors, including natural resources, technology, financial services, and consumer goods, underscoring both the breadth of Canada’s capital markets and the increasing global demand for exposure to them.

These ADRs will be available under BNY’s Depositary Receipts platform, which currently enables access to foreign securities to U.S. investors through a familiar and liquid structure. This launch reinforces BNY’s role as a strategic convenor in facilitating global investment flows, empowering both investors and issuers through innovation in capital market access.

For more details on BNY’s ADR program, please visit: https://www.adrbny.com/

Media Contacts:

Anneliese DiedrichsAnneliese.diedrichs@bny.com

James IhnJames.ihn@bny.com

About BNY

BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of March 31, 2025, BNY oversees $53.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.