What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Awarded Best Bank for Payments and Collections 2023 by Global Finance

BNY Mellon has been named the Best Bank for Payments and Collections in the Global Finance Treasury and Cash Management Awards 2023, recognizing the bank’s commitment to serving Treasury Services clients with innovative, future-facing capabilities, while remaining a robust and reliable payments and collections provider in times of global uncertainty. The bank was awarded the title in both the Global and North America categories.

Isabel Schmidt, Co-Head of Global Payments Products, BNY Mellon Treasury Services, said: “It is an honor to be recognized as the top bank for payments and collections. The recognition demonstrates our team’s hard work over the last year in creating substantial change – both in pushing for industry transformation by joining forces with the various industry players and in embracing innovative technology to enhance our internal processes. It is this unwavering commitment to delivering a global offering, with innovative treasury services capabilities, that allows us to provide the best possible service for our clients.”

The award highlights BNY Mellon’s efforts toward enabling instant and frictionless cross-border payments for clients, including being the first U.S. bank to go live with Swift Go, a pilot participant in the Immediate Cross-Border (IXB) initiative and leading the way for the ISO 20022 migration. The award also recognizes the bank’s robust risk management approach, including its best-in-class Account and Payment Validation Services.

Carl Slabicki, Co-Head of Global Payments, BNY Mellon Treasury Services, said: “As the world moves towards a real-time, automated operating model, our comprehensive suite of solutions are playing a central role in expediting our clients’ digital journeys. Our Banking as a Service (BaaS) framework, for example, allows our clients to leverage the latest innovations in digital payments that would otherwise require extensive investment to build themselves – allowing them to focus on their core offerings and provide more value to their customers.”

The Global Finance Treasury and Cash Management Awards – now in their 23rd year – celebrate the best providers of treasury and cash management systems and services in 71 participating countries across seven global regions. The publication also recently named BNY Mellon Treasury Services Best Global Trade Finance Provider 2023 for its commitment to providing innovative, best-in-class trade finance capabilities. Read the story here.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.