BNY Mellon has appointed Fangfang Chen as Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital, with effect from Jan 4. Fangfang will be responsible for overseeing the execution of the company’s strategic growth agenda in Asia Pacific and driving the success of the Asset Servicing and Digital business in the region. She will also provide oversight of our regional structure, including regulatory and legal compliance.
She will be based in Hong Kong and report to Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International, BNY Mellon and to James Slater, Head of Asset Servicing Client Coverage and Front Office Solutions, BNY Mellon.
“Asia Pacific is an important growth driver for BNY Mellon. We continue to deepen our presence in the region and are optimistic of our growth prospects,” said Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International, BNY Mellon. “Fangfang’s diverse experience in financial services and fintech will be instrumental in driving our growth agenda in the region and delivering exceptional value for our clients through digitizing our operational model.”
“We are incredibly excited to welcome Fangfang to BNY Mellon. She will lead us in ensuring we are delivering a consistent, high-quality experience to our clients in the region while expanding and enhancing the local custody and fund services capabilities we offer to leading asset managers and asset owners across Asia Pacific, building on our reputation for quality client service and innovative digital- and data-driven solutions,” said Roman Regelman, CEO of Asset Servicing and Head of Digital, BNY Mellon.
Fangfang brings a wealth of financial services and consulting experience to the company, including 12 years at State Street, where she held numerous leadership roles in the US, China and in Hong Kong. Her last role at State Street was Chief Operating Officer for Asia Pacific, where she oversaw operations across multiple businesses in the region.
Fangfang will join us from Algorand Foundation, a financial technology start-up involved in the development of an innovative, enterprise-scale public blockchain technology that enables frictionless finance. As the Chief Operating Officer and a founding member of Algorand, Fangfang oversaw strategy, ecosystem partnerships, business incubation, and global community development. This unique experience will prove invaluable as BNY Mellon continues on its digital transformation journey.
Fangfang succeeds David Cruikshank, who announced his retirement from the company as Asia Pacific Chairman earlier this year. Rohan Singh, who has served as Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing since 2017, has taken on a new global role as Head of Asset Owners at BNY Mellon.
BNY Mellon has been servicing clients in Asia Pacific for more than 100 years. We have been one of the first U.S. financial institutions to invest in the region’s vast potential. Today, we have approximately 15,000 employees in the region and maintain extensive operations in 17 locations.
ABOUT BNY MELLON
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Sept. 30, 2020, BNY Mellon had $38.6 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.0 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.