What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Leah J., spent the summer working in BNY Investments.

8:30 a.m. I start my day by checking my emails to see if there were any messages sent while I was offline. Around this time, I meet with my manager who is based in the Pittsburgh office. We catch up on any updates or projects for the day. These morning check-ins allow me to better understand and prioritize my tasks.

11 a.m. I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program. These sessions provide a comprehensive understanding of the lines of business within BNY Investments and how they interconnect. As a returning BNY Investments intern who has worked in two distinct lines of business, I have gained insights into the inner workings of individual firms and the role of the investment management center. Positioned at the center of all BNY Investments, I can view the business from a different perspective, particularly through a risk lens.

1 p.m. After lunch, I catch up with other interns. Whether we are rehearsing for an upcoming project presentation, discussing individuals we’ve connected with or talking about our specific experiences, it allows us to support each other’s growth within the program. The chat we were able to catch with Robin, BNY CEO, really inspired us to gain insight into his perspective and thoughts on the future of BNY, particularly regarding future talent.

Hearing his vision and commitment to nurturing early talent made me feel valued and inspired. It reinforced my belief that BNY is a place where my contributions matter and where I can grow both personally and professionally. This experience has not only boosted my confidence but also deepened my dedication to how I power our culture.

“Hearing Robin’s [BNY CEO] vision and commitment to nurturing early talent made me feel valued and inspired.”

3:30 p.m. Often, my day ends with a coffee chat to network with individuals across the firm. I meet with leaders who share their career insights about BNY culture. This type of connection is what makes the internship experience unique.

Leah’s day at BNY started at 8:30 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."

"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."

"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."

"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."

"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.