AI Compliance Officer

We are seeking an ambitious, enthusiastic and analytically talented professional to join our AI Compliance team. This is a role within a US-headquartered, global systemically important bank, focused on strengthening the governance, validation, and strategic oversight of AI use, aligned to regulatory expectations, across the enterprise. The successful candidate will be instrumental in advancing our AI Compliance framework, with a strong emphasis on embedding leading practices, regulatory standards, automation, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) adoption. This role is on-site and located in Manchester, UK.In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways:Contributing to the uplift and expansion of the Firm’s AI Regulatory Compliance framework and further integrating into the existing Compliance Lifecycle. Independent review and oversight of potential regulatory compliance risks arising through new AI proposals. Working closely with BNY’s Public Policy and Governance Office and Legal teams to maintain regulatory horizon scanning and analyze complex AI laws, rules and regulations such as EU AI Act; drafting clear, pragmatic guidance for Engineering and business stakeholders.Representing Compliance at appropriate AI governance forums and working groups to provide timely, actionable and pragmatic regulatory compliance advice to AI Hub, Engineering and business teams; partnering closely with Risk and Legal to ensure a unified approach.Collaborating with colleagues in Risk and Compliance and key 1LOD control groups to help drive a unified approach to AI governance – helping to bridge the gap between new AI technology, existing financial services regulation and potential ethical/ reputational considerations.Maintaining assessment documents and dashboards that reflect the health of BNY’s AI regulatory compliance framework; preparing clear, insightful reporting and risk assessments for senior management, committees, and regulators.Drafting responses to inquiries from regulators and clients regarding the regulatory compliance of BNY’s AI practices.As an enthusiastic user of BNY’s AI tools, will share insights, propose fresh ideas, demonstrate a passion for continuous learning, and pursue excellence at the intersection of AI and regulation. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following:Relevant work experience. Financial Services, Computer Science, Information Management Systems, Law, Data Privacy or Compliance background, and/or experience with financial services compliance and/or experience with AI laws, regulations and rules of relevant regulators, preferred.Hands‑on experience of AI use, and strong understanding of risks associated with the creation and use of AI systems and agents. Demonstrable interest in public policy governance and international AI regulatory frameworks, e.g. EU AI Act, U.S state laws (e.g. California, Texas, Utah), Singapore’s ‘FEAT’ principles, and the ability to translate sometimes technical, legal concepts into clear, audience‑appropriate narrativesStrong communication, stakeholder engagement, and strategic thinking skills.Clear written and verbal skills for executive‑ready materials and stakeholder engagement.Comfortable working with stakeholders across disciplines, e.g. engineering, compliance, risk, and legal, in fast‑moving, high‑stakes contexts.A degree in AI Systems Management, Information Systems Management, Finance, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Law, or a related field a bonus.  
