8:30 a.m. I start my day by checking my emails to see if there were any messages sent while I was offline. Around this time, I meet with my manager who is based in the Pittsburgh office. We catch up on any updates or projects for the day. These morning check-ins allow me to better understand and prioritize my tasks.
11 a.m. I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program. These sessions provide a comprehensive understanding of the lines of business within BNY Investments and how they interconnect. As a returning BNY Investments intern who has worked in two distinct lines of business, I have gained insights into the inner workings of individual firms and the role of the investment management center. Positioned at the center of all BNY Investments, I can view the business from a different perspective, particularly through a risk lens.
1 p.m. After lunch, I catch up with other interns. Whether we are rehearsing for an upcoming project presentation, discussing individuals we’ve connected with or talking about our specific experiences, it allows us to support each other’s growth within the program. The chat we were able to catch with Robin, BNY CEO, really inspired us to gain insight into his perspective and thoughts on the future of BNY, particularly regarding future talent.
Hearing his vision and commitment to nurturing early talent made me feel valued and inspired. It reinforced my belief that BNY is a place where my contributions matter and where I can grow both personally and professionally. This experience has not only boosted my confidence but also deepened my dedication to how I power our culture.
“Hearing Robin’s [BNY CEO] vision and commitment to nurturing early talent made me feel valued and inspired.”
3:30 p.m. Often, my day ends with a coffee chat to network with individuals across the firm. I meet with leaders who share their career insights about BNY culture. This type of connection is what makes the internship experience unique.
"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."
"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."
"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."
"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."
"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."