What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

A New, Alternatives-Focused Investor Reality

The quest for returns in a low-yield global environment has pushed Asian investors to make larger alternative asset allocations in search of performance. However, many investors are sticking to traditional approaches and contending with a lack of experience and expertise. Asset servicing is also in some ways still catching up to the changing demands created by the rush to alternatives.

This paper outlines the main trends in alternatives in the Asian institutional investor context and explores how asset servicing can support new investor goals.

Key highlights of the paper include:

Growing appetite for private equity – Many asset owners in Asia, particularly in the insurance and pension space, are seeking increased alpha performance against the backdrop of low to negative yields seen across most developed economies. BNY Mellon’s report, The Race for Assets: Alternative Investments Surge Ahead, in association with FT Remark, surveyed 450 institutional investors and investment managers about their alternative asset allocations. More than half (53%) of respondents expect allocations to alternatives to increase in the next 12 months. Of the alternative asset classes, private equity is what Asian institutions view as most promising.

Infrastructure Opportunities – Asia faces an infrastructure funding shortfall, which points to further potential opportunities for institutional investor participation. The new era of asset diversification has also encouraged the development of innovative financing structures such as infrastructure bonds, with an aim to provide access to long term investors to such illiquid asset classes.

Evolving Role of Asset Servicing Providers – The traditional role of asset servicing needs to evolve to offer clients entering the alternatives space more transparency in their fund investments.

Standardization Needed – Asset servicing providers can leverage technology solutions to drive standardization in the data they collect and process on behalf of clients.

Read the full paper to explore these points in depth.

Media Contact: Karen Khaw +1 212 635 1569

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.