What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Teresa D., spent her summer working in Engineering.

7:45 a.m. I typically leave my house to catch the 30-minute bus ride downtown. I listen to music or a book on tape when I travel to and from the office. I’m currently listening to an enthralling detective mystery that makes me look forward to my commute each day. I arrive at the office at around 8:15am and head up to my desk to settle in. The floor is lively, filled with light chatter and sometimes the plinks of a ping pong game coming from the backyard area. Here, there are no assigned desks, although after a few weeks you get to know who prefers to sit in certain spaces.

Once I've settled in, I check my emails and calendar to see which events and meetings I have for the day. Typically, around 8:30 a.m. there will be some kind of intern event to attend, like a weekly program meeting, senior leader talk or professional development session to accommodate the time difference between U.S. and European offices. Following this, I start work on my project and remind myself of my to-do list I wrote down at the end of the previous day.

12:30 p.m. I have my daily meeting with my team where we share our progress and any challenges we are facing. During this meeting I am able to receive feedback on my work, ask any questions and learn what other members of my team are working on. This gives me a wider understanding of how my project fits into larger initiatives.

At the end of the meeting, I leave with ideas for what to work on next. This could be further testing of my prompts and code or 1-on-1 meetings with team members so I can ask them more in-depth questions. Then I grab lunch with a few of my intern friends in the cafeteria. None of us work in the same department, but the intern induction events at the beginning of the program allowed us to meet each other and form connections. At lunch we're able to catch up on each other's projects and learn what other departments are doing.

2 p.m. If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of the Learn at BNY portal to find courses related to my project. Since I came into this internship with very little knowledge of banking or finance, I use this time to gain a better understanding of how my work contributes to operations at the bank. In the afternoon, there are sometimes more events to attend as part of the intern program, like the AI demo day or networking sessions. These events are fun and also expose us to the resources available to us as interns.

“Intern induction events at the beginning of the program allowed us to meet each other and form connections.”

4:30 p.m. I begin to wrap up my work and write down any to-dos or ideas for the next day. As my internship approaches completion, I've been taking more time to reflect on the experience, either for performance reviews or to prepare to present my project to leadership, so the end of the afternoon is typically spent writing. Once I've made sure there is nothing else needed from me that day, I catch the bus and start my commute home.

Teresa's day at BNY started at 7:45 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."

"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."

"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."

"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."

"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.