What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appointed by the Employees Provident Fund Board of Malaysia with Expanded Mandate

BNY Mellon's Data and Analytics services were a prominent factor in its selection by the EPF

BNY Mellon today announced it has been selected by the Employees Provident Fund Board of Malaysia (EPF) to deliver a transformational investment accounting project. In addition to custody solutions BNY Mellon provides for the EPF, this broader remit aims to deliver a solution for fund accounting and administering the entire public assets of the EPF with increased automation and a centralized investment data hub.

The expansion of this integrated solutions offering will further accelerate the EPF’s ambitions in building a resilient and data-centric operating model as they bolster their investments into new asset classes and geographies. BNY Mellon’s Eagle accounting solutions are designed to help the EPF centralize and efficiently manage complex investment assets and address their data management, historical data, and reporting challenges by seamlessly integrating with their business intelligence tools.

“Malaysia is a significant growth market for BNY Mellon in the Asia Pacific region. We are honored that the EPF has entrusted us with an expanded mandate, recognizing our efforts to empower the EPF in delivering greater value for its members through innovation and excellent services. This mandate demonstrates the strength of our franchise and highlights our commitment and dedication to the Malaysian market.” said Fangfang Chen, Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital at BNY Mellon.

The EPF, which helps manage the Malaysian workforce retirement savings, is one of the oldest retirement funds in the world. Established in 1951, the EPF is a social-security organization focused on safeguarding member savings and delivering excellent services. BNY Mellon has been the service provider of the EPF for the last 17 years and will continue to support the EPF’s growth aspirations in achieving optimal investment outcomes for their members’ retirement.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Sept. 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $42.2 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About the Employees Provident Fund (EPF)

The Employees Provident Fund (“EPF”) is one of the oldest retirement funds in the world. Established in 1951, the EPF is a social-security organisation focused on safeguarding member savings and delivering excellent services. In recent years, in line with its vision of helping members achieve a better future, the EPF has expanded its role to encompass the creation of a comprehensive social well-being ecosystem. Today, the EPF remains steadfast in its commitment to members through consistent efforts to update and improve itself, in order to build the foundation for sustainable, holistic and equitable well-being for all Malaysians.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.