What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Benjamin M., spent his summer working in Operations.

8:40 a.m. I arrive to the office, set up my workstation at an open desk and grab a morning beverage. After my setup, I check for any new messages or emails and look at the day's schedule.

9 a.m. I have time to work on my projects and log into Learn at BNY, the company’s great digital learning platform. Additionally, interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths. From Wednesday to Thursday, I join one of the teams to observe how they operate. During my time at BNY, I’ve had the opportunity to work with 12 teams within the Operations function. I’ve been able to experience what these teams do, meet awesome and engaged people and learn the importance of staying curious.

1 p.m. I work on assignments for various projects, build reports, create Power BI tables, as well as publish a weekly newsletter.

And around this time, I am ready for lunch. We have several great food options in the building and around the area. Aside from the variety, my favorite place to go is always one of the balconies to enjoy my food with a view.

“During my time at BNY, I had the opportunity to work with 12 teams across the Operations function. I’ve been able to experience so much of what these teams do, meet awesome and engaging people and learn the importance of staying curious.”

2 p.m. After lunch, I’ll spend some time with various teams. Starting with the Trade Capture team, moving on to the Middle Office team and then to various Settlements and Reconciliation teams, to name a few. This experience greatly enahnces my understanding of how BNY, financial instruments and markets operate.

The teams provide helpful descriptions of their roles and how they contribute to BNY. They demonstrate their processes and encourage us to take on new projects. To spark progress, they even create games or intern challenges to help us remember what we've learned.5 p.m. At the end of my day at BNY, I finish my tasks, conclude my last meeting and make notes for starting the next day.

Ben’s day at BNY started at 8:40 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."

"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."

"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."

"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."

"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.