What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appoints Gary Delaney as International Chief Information Security Officer

BNY Mellon has appointed Gary Delaney as International Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Delaney will be based in Dublin and brings 20 years of experience in cybersecurity architecture, governance and strategy.

Delaney will report to Matthew McCormack who leads the Information Security Division within BNY Mellon’s Engineering organisation, operating an enterprise-level cybersecurity division that enables and protects the assets of BNY Mellon's businesses and its clients.

“Resilience is a key objective in our work today and has been for 240 years,” said Matthew McCormack, Chief Information Security Officer at BNY Mellon. “Gary brings a depth of experience, adding to BNY Mellon’s existing expertise and innovation in building cybersecurity capabilities and resilience.”

Delaney joins BNY Mellon after almost five years as CISO at Bank of Ireland (BOI) and before that, over four years with Allied Irish Bank (AIB) as Head of Cyber Security Strategy and Group Head of Technical Architecture. He has also held senior roles at Commonwealth Bank and National Australia Bank.

“As a globally admired financial services company, BNY Mellon has demonstrated its leadership position in building innovative products and resilient systems for the benefit of its clients and global financial markets,” said Gary Delaney, International Chief Information Security Officer at BNY Mellon. “I am looking forward to helping the organisation further meet its ambitions in this area.”

“Ireland is a true incubator of top-level talent in the digital, cyber and technology space,” said Paul Kilcullen, Ireland Country Manager and BNY Mellon CEO of Funds Services Ireland. “Gary’s appointment is another example of how BNY Mellon continues to invest in the technology and talent to be more for our clients.”

About BNY Mellon

Established in 1784, BNY Mellon is America’s oldest bank and the first company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BK). Today, BNY Mellon powers capital markets around the world through comprehensive solutions that help clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the financial lifecycle. BNY Mellon had $47.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2023. BNY Mellon has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on LinkedIn or visit our Newsroom for the latest company news.

Media Contacts

BNY Mellon: Jessica.thomas@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.