Storim to succeed Leonique van Houwelingen who has been named EMEA Head of Strategic Growth and Regional Head of Client Coverage for Asset Servicing
BNY Mellon today announced its intention for Björn Storim to succeed Leonique van Houwelingen as CEO of the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV (“the European Bank”), subject to board and regulatory approval. Ms. van Houwelingen has been appointed as EMEA Head of Strategic Growth and Regional Head of Client Coverage for the Asset Servicing business, effective 16 July, and will be a Non-Executive Director of the European Bank, subject to regulatory approval.
Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International at BNY Mellon, said: “BNY Mellon has been serving European clients for over a century and we have an ambitious growth strategy in this important region, meeting the needs of large, sophisticated pension schemes and asset owners and managers, delivering innovative solutions and seamless access to our global capabilities. We have a strong regional leadership team in place who play a central role in strengthening our presence in Europe.”
   
   Ms. van Houwelingen has been CEO of BNY Mellon’s European Bank since 2018 and has been an Executive Board member of the European Bank since 2015. She was a member of the European Capital Markets Union High Level Forum and held a number of board positions including at the Foreign Bankers’ Association, the Dutch Association for Banks and since 2019, is a board member at JA Europe. She holds a degree in Dutch Civil Law from the University of Leiden.
Mr. Storim joined BNY Mellon in 2020 as Head of Germany, Switzerland, Austria, and Central & Eastern Europe after 16 years at Credit Suisse, where he was responsible for global markets, international wealth management, asset management and regulatory affairs in Germany. He has a degree in Economics, Banking and Finance from the University of Nuremberg and holds a TRIUM Executive Master of Business Administration from the London School of Economics, Stern School of Business at New York University and the École des Hautes Études Commmerciales de Paris. He is also certified by the Global Association of Risk Professionals as a Financial Risk Manager and is a Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
Mr. Kablawi added: “I’d like to thank Leonique for her leadership as CEO of the European Bank, and congratulate Björn, who is well suited to drive the next phase of our business plans in Europe.”
The European Bank has offices in Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Spain. It works with a wide range of asset managers, insurance companies, financial institutions, pension funds, corporations and other clients throughout Europe, offering asset servicing and ancillary services, corporate trust, treasury services, markets and clearing and collateral management services.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of March 31, 2021, BNY Mellon had $41.7 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.2 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
About the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited liability company, wholly owned by BNY Mellon and is regulated and supervised by the European Central Bank and the National Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority for conduct of business rules.