What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Announces 2025 Ascent Program Graduates, Advancing Innovation in AI and Cybersecurity

NEW YORK, NY – July 10, 2025 – BNY today announced the successful graduation of five cutting-edge AI and cybersecurity startups from its 2025 Ascent Program, a structured proof-of-concept (POC) platform designed to help early-stage companies validate their solutions in real-world financial services environments.

The Ascent Program, led by BNY’s Strategic Partnerships, Investments & Innovation (SPIN) team, is providing emerging technology companies with direct access to business and technology leaders, rigorous POC frameworks, and feedback to accelerate product development and go-to-market readiness.

This year’s cohort spent six months working alongside BNY teams to explore solutions to complex challenges across AI governance, cyber defense, market intelligence, and operational risk.

2025 Cohort Highlights:

Protect AI – Having recently announced a pending acquisition by Palo Alto Networks, Protect AI delivers real-time AI security, including vulnerability scanning and threat prevention tools for enterprise AI systems.

Calypso AI – An AI Inference security platform that secures the full AI application and agent development life-cycle through its AI red teaming and defensive security solutions.

Reality Defender – A leader in deepfake detection, offering an API-driven platform that proactively identifies AI-generated impersonation fraud and mitigates risks from synthetic media.

AgentSmyth – An autonomous agent platform delivering real-time investment intelligence to institutional traders through AI-powered decision support.

Deep Tempo – Specializes in predictive cybersecurity, using purpose built deep learning to detect and help to prevent cyber threats before they materialize.

“We are thrilled to support some of the most innovative companies shaping the future of financial technology,” said Marianna Lopert-Schaye, Global Head of Strategic Partnerships, Investments & Innovation at BNY. “The Ascent Program is uniquely positioned to help these companies validate and scale their ideas with real institutional input—while helping BNY future-proof our infrastructure and advance safe, responsible innovation.”

The Ascent Program reflects BNY’s commitment to fostering innovation not just within the firm, but across the broader fintech ecosystem. By working hand-in-hand with emerging companies at critical growth stages, the company aims to accelerate the adoption of secure, scalable technologies that benefit markets globally.

To learn more about BNY’s Ascent Program, visit:https://www.bny.com/corporate/global/en/about-us/technology-innovation/strategic-partnerships-and-innovation/ascent-program.html

Media

BNY

Ryan Wells

ryan.wells@bny.com

BNY

BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of March 31, 2025, BNY oversees $53.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.