What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appoints Natalie Sunderland as Global Head of Marketing & Communications

The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY Mellon") (NYSE: BK) announced today that Natalie Sunderland will join the bank as Global Head of Marketing and Communications, effective September 20th. She will report to Akash Shah, Chief Growth Officer at BNY Mellon.

Natalie Sunderland

“We are excited to welcome Natalie Sunderland, a seasoned marketing leader with a measurable track record of building and scaling high-growth companies,” said Mr. Shah. “For 237 years, BNY Mellon has been one of the most trusted and innovative financial institutions in the world, and we continue to transform America’s oldest bank into a data-driven digital company that supports our clients’ growth agendas. Natalie’s experience in creating client value and delivering results make her well-suited to lead our firm’s integrated marketing and communications through this historic time.”

“BNY Mellon is an institution essential to the global capital markets ecosystem and with an unparalleled client base,” said Ms. Sunderland. “The firm is relentlessly focused on growth and is revolutionizing the financial industry with its first-in-class digital and technology-driven strategy and is well-positioned to accelerate the changes that are already reshaping our industry. It’s an honor to join the BNY Mellon team on this very exciting journey.”

Ms. Sunderland joins BNY Mellon from Addepar, a high-growth unicorn fintech platform. She served as the company’s Chief Marketing Officer where she successfully repositioned the business as an industry leader. Previously, Ms. Sunderland held executive positions in Silicon Valley technology companies Qventus and Castlight Health, as well as marketing leadership roles at Citigroup and American Express. In 2020, Ms. Sunderland was named Technology Chief Marketing Officer of the Year by wealthmanagement.com.

About BNY MellonBNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2021, BNY Mellon had $45.0 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.3 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.