Mastercard and The Clearing House Extend Partnership on Real-Time Payments
Purchase, N.Y. and New York – Mastercard and The Clearing House (TCH) have announced an extended multi-year partnership, bringing the companies together to collaborate on innovative capabilities for consumers, businesses and governments to evolve and embrace the digital economy through real-time payments (RTP) adoption on the RTP® network. The partnership continues Mastercard’s role as the exclusive instant payments software provider for TCH’s RTP network, enabling both companies to integrate new instant payment use cases across a range of payment flows.
Instant payments became a reality in the U.S. in 2017 when The Clearing House launched the RTP network, the first new payment rail in 40 years designed and powered by Mastercard. For consumers, RTP provides instant access and confidence that a payment is received, 24/7. For businesses, RTP enhances value by simplifying payments for customers, enabling faster wage disbursements, improving liquidity management, and optimizing capital workflows, and for governments, it helps activate local economies through disbursement and settlement.
"Technology is providing consumers and businesses greater choice in how they want to pay and be paid,” said Linda Kirkpatrick, President, Americas at Mastercard. “Our long-term partnership with The Clearing House supports choice in payments through the enablement of modern and ubiquitous real-time rails for bank-owned payments. We're pleased to extend and enhance our support of The Clearing House and its owner banks to deliver on our mutual goals to provide safety, reliability, and efficiency of real-time payments."
Today, real-time payments offer speed of payment, extensive data exchange, real-time messaging, and 24/7/365 availability. Mastercard and The Clearing House continue to support, invest, and develop real-time account-to-account technologies that enable the transmission of rich payment and non-payment data both in the U.S. for the RTP network and around the world.
“The Clearing House and Mastercard designed and delivered the RTP network, the premier instant payment platform in the United States, and have a strong history of working together to deliver innovative, scalable, and secure products,” said Lee Alexander, EVP and Chief Information Officer, The Clearing House. “The expanded partnership will help both companies design the next generation of instant payment capabilities for financial institutions and their customers.”
TCH’s RTP network’s faster payment capabilities are available to financial institutions that hold close to 90% of U.S. demand deposit accounts. The RTP network was built for financial institutions of all sizes and serves as a platform for innovation allowing financial institutions to deliver new products and services to their customers. Financial institutions can integrate into the RTP network directly, through third-party service providers, bankers’ banks and corporate credit unions.
###
About Mastercard (NYSE: MA)
Mastercard is a global technology company in the payments industry. Our mission is to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. With connections across more than 210 countries and territories, we are building a sustainable world that unlocks priceless possibilities for all.
About The Clearing House  
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contacts:
Raul Lopez
Mastercard
914-841-7049
Raul.Lopez@mastercard.com
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House 
212-612-9282
Gregory.MacSweeney@theclearinghouse.org