NEW YORK - BNY Mellon (NYSE:BK) has appointed Julie Gerdeman as Global Head of its Data & Analytics business. Gerdeman brings twenty years of experience in building and scaling technology businesses.
Gerdeman will lead BNY Mellon’s market-leading software and data management business with $47T of data assets on the platform, reporting to Akash Shah.
Our clients are focused on transforming their data into commercial insights,“ said Akash Shah, Chief Growth Officer, BNY Mellon. “Julie’s experience in developing innovative software combined with BNY Mellon’s unique reach and technological prowess is a transformative combination for growth, as we look to become a global leader in putting data into action through insights and our unique perspective.”
Gerdeman joins BNY Mellon from Everstream Analytics, where as CEO she led the supply-chain transformation of global organizations through the application of artificial intelligence and predictive analytics, and before that CEO of HealthPay24. She has also held executive leadership roles at SAP Ariba, J.P. Morgan, and American Express.
“BNY Mellon is a globally admired financial services company with the rich heritage of a 240-year-old bank coupled with a dynamic vision for the future of financial services,” said Julie Gerdeman, Global Head of Data & Analytics, BNY Mellon. “I'm honored to join this visionary team and deliver on its ambition of advancing platforms and unlocking the power of data to help increase value across every financial interaction.”
BNY Mellon Data & Analytics recently announced a strategic alliance with Microsoft, focused on transforming the capital markets through leading data management solutions for BNY Mellon’s buy side and sell side clients.
About BNY Mellon
Established in 1784, BNY Mellon is America’s oldest bank and the first company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BK). Today, BNY Mellon powers capital markets around the world through comprehensive solutions that help clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the financial lifecycle. BNY Mellon had $47.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2023. BNY Mellon has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on LinkedIn or visit our Newsroom for the latest company news.
Media Contacts
BNY Mellon: Jessica.thomas@bnymellon.com