What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon and Texas Treasury Safekeeping Trust Company Complete Exchange of Ownership Stakes in Amherst Capital for Minority Interest in Amherst Holdings

NEW YORK

NEW YORK, July 2, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- BNY Mellon Investment Management ("BNY Mellon") and Amherst Holdings, LLC ("Amherst" or "Amherst Holdings"), today announced the completion of the transaction through which BNY Mellon has exchanged its majority equity interest in Amherst Capital Management LLC ("Amherst Capital") for a minority equity stake in Amherst Holdings ("Amherst"). Texas Treasury Safekeeping Trust Company1 ("TTSTC"), a founding seed investor in Amherst Capital, also completed the exchange of its economic interest in Amherst Capital for an interest in Amherst Holdings. Originally announced on May 14, 2018, the terms of the transaction were not disclosed.

Sean Dobson, Chairman and CEO of Amherst, said, "Through the integration of Amherst Capital, we will now be able to more efficiently harness our complete, vertically integrated real estate investment platform to provide clients our full breadth of innovative strategies, while also further investing in our people and investment offerings. We look forward to continuing our successful relationship with BNY Mellon and TTSTC by offering access to Amherst Capital's real estate private debt, private equity, and public securities strategies, as well as Amherst's full suite of real estate investment solutions."

Amherst Capital will now operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of Amherst, which, along with its affiliates and subsidiaries, will have more than $3.6 billion under management and approximately $15 billion under advisement and oversight through its affiliated broker dealer, Amherst Pierpont. BNY Mellon will continue to offer Amherst Capital's real estate solutions to its clients, while benefiting from the ongoing growth and potential to engage with Amherst on other real estate investment opportunities.

About Amherst Holdings

For over 20 years, Amherst Holdings and its affiliates have provided institutional investors with a broad suite of financial services related to the U.S. real estate, mortgage and securitized product markets. During this period, Amherst Holdings has made extensive investments to develop data, technology resources and proprietary analytical tools that have helped position the firm as a market leader in the areas of real estate risk analysis and behavioral economics. Amherst Holdings was one of few mortgage specialists to anticipate the mortgage crisis and has continued to use its experience and analytic resource advantages to evaluate new risks and opportunities in the real estate markets. The firm is majority owned by its employees and employs approximately 850 professionals across its single family residential, asset management, investment banking and technology platforms. For more information, please visit www.amherst.com.

About BNY Mellon Investment Management

BNY Mellon Investment Management is one of the world's leading investment management organizations and one of the top U.S. wealth managers, with $1.9 trillion in assets under management as of March 31, 2018. It encompasses BNY Mellon's affiliated investment management firms, wealth management services and global distribution companies. BNY Mellon Investment Management is part of BNY Mellon, which has $33.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration as of March 31, 2018. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

1It is not known whether the listed client approves or disapproves of the adviser or the advisory services provided.

Media Contacts:

Amherst Holdings: Tom Johnson/Dan Scorpio Abernathy MacGregor 212-371-5999tbj@abmac.com/dps@abmac.com

BNY Mellon:Ben Tanner 212-635-8676ben.tanner@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.