BNY to allow access to certain Canadian equities via U.S. traded ADRs.
NEW YORK, 25 June 2025 -- The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY”) (NYSE: BK), a global financial services company, today announced the opening of an unsponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program for a leading Canadian supermarket chain.
This milestone marks the first time U.S. and global investors can leverage ADRs to access a Canadian equity. BNY expects to open additional unsponsored ADR programs, with Canadian issuers spanning a diverse range of sectors and industries anticipated to follow in the coming months.
These ADRs will allow global investors to invest in certain Canadian companies via U.S.-quoted, U.S. dollar-denominated securities. These ADRs settle through established U.S. market infrastructure, providing the efficiencies of domestic trading—including transparent pricing, enhanced liquidity, and streamlined clearing and custody.
“We’re pleased to provide investors with access to one of the world’s leading capital markets with strong regulatory foundations,” said Chris Kearns, Global Head of Depositary Receipts at BNY. “Our launch of ADRs on certain Canadian issuers provides global investors with a seamless, cost-effective, and transparent way to engage with those Canadian companies via U.S. markets. This marks a meaningful advancement in cross-border capital access and global market connectivity.”
BNY plans to open unsponsored ADR programs in a diverse range of sectors, including natural resources, technology, financial services, and consumer goods, underscoring both the breadth of Canada’s capital markets and the increasing global demand for exposure to them.
These ADRs will be available under BNY’s Depositary Receipts platform, which currently enables access to foreign securities to U.S. investors through a familiar and liquid structure. This launch reinforces BNY’s role as a strategic convenor in facilitating global investment flows, empowering both investors and issuers through innovation in capital market access.
For more details on BNY’s ADR program, please visit: https://www.adrbny.com/
Media Contacts:
Anneliese Diedrichs
Anneliese.diedrichs@bny.com
James Ihn
James.ihn@bny.com
About BNY
BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally to access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of March 31, 2025, BNY oversees $53.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.
BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.