NEW YORK – March 23, 2023 – The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY Mellon”) (NYSE: BK), a leading global financial services institution and Arjuna Capital, a sustainable investment management firm, announced today a collaboration to accelerate BNY Mellon’s climate strategy.
BNY Mellon’s diversified financial services power the world’s capital markets, offering a comprehensive set of solutions through its Securities Services, Market and Wealth Services, and Investment and Wealth Management segments. The company has a track record of reporting on climate change work that leverages its data and analysis, including relating to GHG emissions, climate risk, business resiliency and serving clients with solutions to help them meet their climate-related goals. For 15 years, BNY Mellon has reported annually through its Enterprise ESG Report, utilizing standards and frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards, Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”).
Arjuna Capital is a sustainable investment firm that works with accredited investors and institutions to invest their assets with a lens toward environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risk and opportunity. Arjuna Capital actively engages its portfolio companies to address climate risk in a transparent and meaningful way. The investment firm has been recognized for using shareholder resolutions to promote climate action and racial and gender pay equity.
BNY Mellon believes disclosing its ESG approach is an important element of transparency and risk management and therefore can be a driver of shareholder value. You can find more information in the 2021 Enterprise ESG Report.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2022, BNY Mellon had $44.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
About Arjuna Capital
Arjuna Capital is a sustainable investment firm that works with accredited investors and institutions to invest their assets with a lens toward environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risk and opportunity. For more information, visit www.arjuna-capital.com.
Contacts:
  Media
  Garrett Marquis
  +1 949 683 1503
garrett.marquis@bnymellon.com
  Analysts
  Marius Merz
  +1 212 298 1480
marius.merz@bnymellon.com