Receivables
                            
                        Solutions to help streamline Receivables at every stage of the remittance lifecycle
BNY delivers connected solutions across payment types, channels and operating models. Our experience, scale and technology help clients boost efficiency, enhance transparency and accelerate access to cash.
We provide access to a broad range of customized digital payment solutions and help facilitate the transition from paper-based payments to more efficient digital channels.
Paper payment options including Retail Lockbox, Wholesale Lockbox and Remote Deposit Capture are available to support customers who prefer traditional payment methods.
AI-driven automation enhances accuracy, strengthens fraud controls and delivers faster, more transparent payment processing.
We provide secure electronic bill payment across multiple channels, with payment status visibility and reporting to facilitate reconciliation, while enabling card-based payments through integrated merchant service providers.
Our solution helps streamline the reconciliation of large volumes of incoming payments by automatically matching payments to the appropriate virtual and physical accounts.
Digital bill payments and messages can be sent 24/7/365 through a single connection to the RTP® and FedNow® networks using Real-Time E-Bills and Payments and RTP Request for Payment.
BankifySM our secure, pay-by-bank solution, features settlement guarantees and end-user authenticated bank-sourced data that ensures payment accuracy reduces costly card fees.
Recurring collections can be automated through debiting payors’ accounts and incoming ACH payments can be processed via ACH services with validation and protection capabilities.
Eligible home-banking check payments can be converted to ACH with Consumer Electronic Receivables. Plus, check scanning and image and data transmission through Remote Deposit, Business Mobile and Remote Lockbox Deposit.
Retail, Wholesale and Wholetail Lockbox services include advanced imaging, automation and data consolidation options to streamline access to funds and remittance information.
Receivables data can be translated and consolidated across payment types and formats with Data Translation Service. Check, remittance-document and correspondence-only images can be accessed through Image Capture.
We provide fast and predictable payment capabilities across payment rails, including Real-Time Payments, Same-Day ACH, checks, and on-us transfers (transactions paid and deposited at BNY).
A comprehensive risk management toolkit helps protect payments and support compliance with evolving rules and regulations.
Modern payment capabilities and technologies designed to support evolving industry standards and business needs help keep operations current.
READY TO TALK ABOUT WHAT’S NEXT?