BNY Mellon has appointed Geoff Hodge as Australia Country Executive, which upon regulatory notification is immediately effective. Under his leadership, BNY Mellon will continue to provide world-class, innovative and collaborative solutions in Australia, with a particular focus on adding value in the superannuation and investment management sectors.
Geoff will continue to oversee global strategy as the Head of Milestone Group, the Sydney-headquartered fund management technology leader that he co-founded in 1998, which was acquired by BNY Mellon in October 2021. Geoff will also take a seat on the BNY Mellon Asia Pacific Leadership Council. Alexis Walker, Branch Manager for Australia, along with country functional leads, will report to Geoff in his Country Executive capacity.
   
Geoff Hodge
“After almost five decades in Australia, BNY Mellon is committed to supporting local institutions and industries with financial services that meet their evolving needs,” Fangfang Chen, Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital, BNY Mellon, said. “With a broad global outlook, complemented by deep operations and technology management expertise, Geoff is a proven leader with the ability to harness strategic and tactical insights that will support our business growth in Australia and the success of clients there and abroad.”
Geoff brings a vast amount of experience and a unique perspective to his new role. Geoff has worked across the globe, in Europe, North America and the Asia Pacific, and has spent more than 30 years working in investment management, capital markets, payments and fund administration.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $43.0 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.