Key macro themes this week include Trump’s tariffs, planned for April, on chips, lumber, drugs and autos and Ukraine peace talks. New concern as the latest University of Michigan consumer survey shows consumer sentiment at a 15-month low and a lower outlook for Walmart in 2025. US polls point to discontent with Trump economic policy. Greater focus over the next week on politics, this time in the EU as Germans vote. Focus will shift back to AI and risks of peak pricing as Nvidia prepares to announce earnings, along with monthly pruning of new long positions in EU and China shares. Gold and its relationship to US fiscal and global fiat FX fears is also a focus with metals reaching record highs even as US Treasury Bessent plays down revaluing US reserves. The discussion of a Mar-a-Lago accord for US debt and the USD has inspired some US curve flattening and dollar selling this week, which should continue given US bond supply ahead. Also significant for the week ahead is the role of deregulation and what it means for shares with a keen focus on financials, which suffered this week. Emerging markets will be watching the central bank decisions in South Korea, Israel, Hungary and Thailand.
Our take
This week our iFlow Mood index was in extremely negative territory and global shares were lower – but still up on the month and year. Equities continued to focus on Chinese technology, with Alibaba beating earnings, while European defense spending is expected to increase, driving Euro STOXX to record highs. The US was mixed with blue chips lower – DJIA was off, but NASDAQ was up. Walmart’s outlook left many worried about US consumers ahead.
In fixed income markets, trading proved choppy, with the US focused on corporate supply – with $52.3bn in IG issuance – and rate locks against ongoing supply disruptions as debt ceiling limits reduce bill issuance. The US focus was also on FOMC minutes, as the Fed seems set to end quantitative easing following Congressional debates on fiscal policy and debt limits. Weaker EU data supported a modest rally for EU bond rally, with the German Bund key headed into the election, while Australian bond selling was notable despite RBA’s cut. Our data show EM divergence, with Hungary, Argentina and Poland bond buying against China, Indonesia and Malaysia selling.
In FX markets, USD dropped again, driven by JPY, as BoJ failed to act as bond yields rose. The 10y yield in Japan in now nearing 1.50%, with support from cross-border purchases of Japanese government bonds. EUR was also weaker on the German election risk and mixed data, with flash PMI reports disappointing. UK markets also troubled as higher budget deficits, weaker manufacturing, higher CPI and stronger retail spending cast doubt on BoE easing. In Asia, RBA cut 25bp, but Australian easing expected to slow. Meanwhile, RBNZ cut 50bp, but seen nearing end of cycle. Both AUD and NZD improved. In EM, KRW, COP, PEN gained, while TRY, HUF and IDR fell. Carry trades aren’t working in our iFlow, but neither does momentum.  The USD and its correlation to rates are changing. The next week will test this shift. Our flows show that the correlation of sovereign bond flows to the USD was negative in February but bottomed out, rising from -0.75% to current -0.45% – following a short-lived spike to +0.15% in the first week of Trump’s term. The 2y yield vs. the USD index shows a breakdown over the last year with the election shift.