What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY and Goldman Sachs Launch Tokenized Money Market Funds Solution

NEW YORK

Designed to meet the evolving needs of sophisticated institutional investors in digital capital markets

Collaboration between Goldman Sachs Digital Assets and BNY LiquidityDirect SM to support increased tokenization of financial assets

New York, July 23, 2025 -- The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY") (NYSE: BK), a global financial services company, and the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE: GS) today announced a collaborative initiative by which BNY will employ blockchain technology developed by Goldman Sachs to maintain a record of customers’ ownership of select Money Market Funds (MMFs), in a significant step towards enhancing the utility and transferability of existing MMF shares. This combined solution marks the first time in the U.S. that fund managers have enabled subscription for shares of their MMFs via BNY’s LiquidityDirectSM and Digital Asset platforms, the corresponding value of which will be represented through mirrored record tokenization utilizing GS DAP®. BlackRock, BNY Investments Dreyfus, Federated Hermes, Fidelity Investments, and Goldman Sachs Asset Management will participate in the initial launch. Investors can subscribe and redeem MMF shares through BNY’s market-leading LiquidityDirectSM platform, which offers connectivity to GS DAP® via integration with BNY’s Digital Assets platform. Mirror tokens of the MMF shares are created utilizing GS DAP®, an award-winning technology platform developed by Goldman Sachs Digital Assets, which leverages solutions developed by Digital Asset. “As the financial system transitions toward a more digital, real-time architecture, BNY is committed to enabling scalable and secure solutions that shape the future of finance,” said Laide Majiyagbe, Global Head of Liquidity, Financing and Collateral at BNY. “Mirrored tokenization of MMF shares is a first step in this transition, and we are proud to be at the forefront of this first-of-its-kind initiative. Our collaboration with Goldman Sachs Digital Assets highlights our role as a trusted bridge between traditional finance and emerging technologies – empowering clients to navigate this transformation with confidence.” BNY will continue to maintain the official books, records, and settlements for the funds within currently approved guidelines while also enabling mirror tokens on GS DAP® with the aim of creating future opportunities globally. “Using tokens representing the value of shares of Money Market Funds on GS DAP® would enable us to unlock their utility as a form of collateral and open up more seamless transferability in the future,” said Mathew McDermott, Global Head of Digital Assets at Goldman Sachs. “We are excited about this strategic collaboration with BNY in our journey towards the longer-term vision for GS DAP® and as we continue to lead and innovate in the digital assets space.”For more information please contact:

Anneliese Diedrichs

BNY

Anneliese.Diedrichs@bny.com

Meghan Carbone

BNY

Meghan.Carbone@bny.com

Nick Carcaterra

Goldman Sachs

Nick.Carcaterra@gs.com

About BNY

BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of June 30, 2025, BNY oversees $55.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.1 trillion in assets under management.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.

About Goldman Sachs

Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.

Goldman Sachs Digital Assets

Goldman Sachs’ Digital Assets business is focused on accelerating the potential adoption of digital assets and a blockchain-powered financial system through accessibility, education, and the development of an innovative product offering. The Digital Assets business ensures a holistic experience for Goldman Sachs clients by offering a range of capital markets solutions using blockchain technology (including GS DAP®) and a suite of crypto-linked trading products. For more information about GS DAP® visit: https://developer.gs.com/discover/gs-dap

Disclaimer

This material has been distributed for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation of any particular investment, strategy, investment manager or account arrangement, and should not serve as a primary basis for investment decisions. Please consult a legal, tax or financial professional in order to determine whether an investment product or service is appropriate for a particular situation.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.