Senior Specialist, Trustee & Depositary

Senior Specialist, Trustee & Depositary At BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide. Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary. We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Senior Specialist, Trustee & Depositary to join our Asset Servicing team. This role is located in Amsterdam. As a Depositary Senior Specialist at BNY, you’ll be part of our Asset Servicing team in Amsterdam, safeguarding client assets and ensuring funds meet the Dutch and European regulatory standards. The depositary function includes monitoring fund cash flows, safekeeping of the fund’s assets and various oversight and control tasks, covering areas as asset valuation and NAV calculation, compliance with investment policies and restrictions, and income distribution. You will manage your own clients and be the primary point of contact for all depositary-related matters concerning your assigned funds. In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Conduct due diligence and risk assessments on client procedures and processes. Review and validate fund transactions and activities, such as subscriptions and redemptions, compliance with the funds’ investment strategy, and ensuring accurate asset valuation and NAV calculation. Document all depositary reviews and related correspondence with fund managers thoroughly and comprehensively. Liaise with fund managers to log and resolve errors, breaches, and queries in a timely manner. Assist in the onboarding of new funds through drafting depositary agreements, documenting workflows, and conducting risk assessments. Prepare client and regulatory reports. Participate in projects and explore topics relevant to professional development, such as crypto-assets, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and blockchain technology. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: At least a bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, or equivalent working experience Excellent communication skills in English and Dutch is mandatory Excellent numeric and analytical skills with strong attention to detail Strong observational skills and a critical and persistent attitude Ability to establish and develop effective relationships Ability to work independently (prioritizing, planning and organizing your own work) but also as part of a team Highly motivated to ensure work is completed within deadlines and to a high standard Demonstrates initiative and takes ownership Knowledge of accounting, interest in laws and regulations and understanding of fund administration business is a plus. At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at: BNY Newsroom BNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards: America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025 World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025 “Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025 Our Benefits and Rewards: BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.  
