The Clearing House Expands RTP® Network Strategic Team
New York – The Clearing House (TCH), the leading innovator and operator of U.S. payments networks, announced today that Keith Melton has joined the company as Senior Vice President and RTP® Strategic Program Manager, where he will drive execution of the next phase of TCH’s instant payments strategy and, in particular, the growth of the RTP network, strengthening its position as the instant payments leader in the United States. 
Melton, who has over 20 years of experience in financial services and technology, joins The Clearing House from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta – Federal Reserve Financial Services (FRFS) where he was Senior Vice President and Head of Product Management for all payment services across the Federal Reserve System (FedACH®, Check, Fedwire® Funds, Fedwire® Securities and FedLine®). Earlier in his career, Melton had tenures at IBM and SunTrust Bank, among others.
In his new role, Melton will report to Margaret Weichert, Chief Product Officer, and working closely with our clients and the industry, will drive delivery of a program of work to accelerate the RTP network’s impact across multiple use cases. These opportunities will support the ongoing growth of the RTP network, a modern platform for domestic real-time payments, complete with rich data capabilities and immediate payment confirmation that has over 23 million payments each month. 
“I’m happy to bring my experience with innovation, product management and execution to The Clearing House to focus on opportunities to continue to grow the RTP network ecosystem, including many opportunities with partners and technology providers,” Melton said. “Joining the TCH team is an exciting opportunity.” 
“We are happy to have Keith join The Clearing House as the RTP network continues to expand,” said David Watson, President and Chief Executive Officer, The Clearing House. “Keith’s experience with running product management for multiple national payment services will be an asset that helps the RTP network continue to be the industry’s leader in instant payments innovation.”
Melton is the latest financial services and payments expert to join The Clearing House as the company continues to drive payments innovation across the industry. Earlier this year, Watson bolstered the TCH executive team with the additions of Sheffali Welch, Chief Operating Officer, and Margaret Weichert, Chief Product Officer.
###
About The Clearing House
The Clearing House operates U.S.-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contact:
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House 
212-612-9282
Gregory.MacSweeney@theclearinghouse.org