Testimonials

Testimonials

10 out of 10

Even after we went live, we found AutomWorx very helpful when we ran into questions. If I could give them a rating higher than 10 out of 10, I would.

We contacted AutomWorx because I knew how much experience they have with business applications, and there is no consulting firm out there who has more experience with AppWorx, UC4, or Automic.

We weren’t disappointed. The conversion went nearly flawlessly, and projects actually finished ahead of time.

—Tony Puccio, Applications Architect, AvMed

Read the entire case study

Virtually Flawless

“The implementation was virtually flawless. We had high expectations of the AutomWorx team from the start, but it went better than we even expected, and AutomWorx made all of us involved successful. Actually, though I am happy we are live, I miss working with them.”

— Eric Leacox, Senior Developer, HNI Corporation

Read the entire case study

Our “go to” resource for anything UC4 related

We performed an extensive search looking for the right team to assist us with our urgent UC4 issues.

We were thrilled with the performance of the AutomWorx team! Not only were they able to identify and correct our issue(s), they also provided additional insights, recommendations and training for our team.

Their responsiveness and professionalism is well regarded by our team. We highly recommend AutomWorx. They are our “go to” resource for anything UC4 related.

Without them our automations would have been in serious jeopardy

When in a pinch AutomWorx was AutoTastic in bailing us out.

We can’t thank Dennis and David enough for engaging with us as quickly as they did and really working outside the box to make it happen!

Without them our automations would have been in serious jeopardy.

Performed this work in a fraction of that time, on-time & under budget

We used AutomWorx to perform a UC4 upgrade where we were several releases behind on an unsupported version. We spent many months attempting this ourselves previously, but never successfully completed the upgrade. Dennis performed this work in a fraction of that time, on-time and under budget. He is very knowledgeable about the UC4 product and great to work with. We would recommend AutomWorx without hesitation for any UC4 project.

I highly recommend Dennis and his consultants

Dennis migrated us to Automic from another automation tool under budget and within the allotted time frame. I highly recommend Dennis and his consultants.

Saved our company several hundred thousand dollars & months of development time

Our team was consistently pleased with the knowledge and support your team members provided to our implementations.

The expertise carried us through some very technically challenging situations as we were faced with aging hardware and software.

Without your team’s support, we would not have been successful. Your team’s ability to give us lower cost alternatives, saved our company several hundred thousand dollars, and months of development time.

Thank you for all your support!
