Terrapin Technologies provides data and reporting solutions for wealth management firms. 
See the big picture, increase profits, and reduce risk.
Who We Are
Founded in 1995, our expertise and technology solutions have helped our customers realize scalable and predictable growth. Our digital platform is designed to automate and improve business processes across the entire firm, including compensation, compliance, and reporting. The web-based technology helps wealth management firms increase productivity and operational efficiency, achieve maximum compliance with minimum effort, and make data-driven business decisions. Our passion for getting data in good order, obsession with finding the best solution, and dogged commitment to our customer’s success, set us apart from other providers.
Customer Success
When working with Terrapin Technologies, customers can expect a seasoned team that draws on experience from past successes. In the customer onboarding process, a dedicated team will work with your firm to define project goals and milestones based on your firm’s unique needs. We will break down each phase and clearly define expectations, and keep your team updated at every step.
A typical customer onboarding project looks like this:
- Kick-Off Meeting
- Requirements Discovery Sessions
- Data Mapping
- Connectivity and File Automation
- Installation and Configuration
- User Acceptance Testing
- Go Live
With Terrapin Technologies, you can expect industry experts who understand your needs and partner with you to achieve future goals.
Executive Team
Kristefor Lysne
President, since 1995
As co-founder and president, Kristefor oversees all aspects of company management, providing vision, strategy and leadership for the growing organization. Kristefor is actively involved in the technical direction of Terrapin, adding his creative insight to both internal and client projects, while also focusing on corporate strategy, finance, and creating an innovative and inviting culture. His personal interests include curling, playing the mandolin, and spending time with his family at Rainy Lake.
Chris Olson
Director of Engineering, since 1996
Chris manages the design and development of the overall technology infrastructure and is responsible for Terrapin’s product development and database design. Chris also supervises the Information Security Program ensuring compliance with the technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in accordance with federal and state laws and industry regulations. Chris is a die-hard supporter of the Vikings and Wild, and he also enjoys traveling and spending free time with his wife and two daughters.
Tom Umphress
Director of Operations, since 2017
Tom heads the Operations department managing finance, human resources, and information technology. Tom also oversees third-party due diligence and vendor contract management. With over 25 years of experience in information technology management and operations Tom brings project management expertise, technical skills, and problem-solving acumen. Tom is an outdoor enthusiast actively involved in outdoor recreation advocacy and serves on numerous recreational related boards.