What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Navigating the Now, Building for Beyond: Resilience for Asset Owners

Time to Read: 6 minutes

In response to rapid technological innovation and shifting geopolitical and macroeconomic policies, asset owners are reimagining portfolio resilience, operating models and governance frameworks to adopt a comprehensive approach that embraces uncertainty.

“Resilience isn’t about avoiding shocks or minimizing volatility; it’s about building portfolios that can absorb crises, recover faster and emerge stronger over decades,” explained Dr. Ashby Monk, Executive & Research Director, Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing. “The type of resilience asset owners are building today replaces outdated models focused on short-term risk. The new holistic approach embraces uncertainty, leverages alternative data and integrates technology to ensure portfolios don’t just survive, but thrive across generations.”

At the 2025 Asset Owner Innovation Summit — hosted by BNY in collaboration with Stanford Long-Term Investing (SLTI) — global executives from leading asset owners explored how data and analytics, artificial intelligence (AI) and total portfolio management (TPM) are transforming their approach to portfolio resilience.

Resilience for Asset Owners

Scaling Operational Infrastructure to Unlock Liquidity and Investment Agility

Operational readiness has evolved from a back-office function to a strategic enabler of growth. Nearly one-third of Innovation Summit survey participants identified data unification as their top operational priority,1 reflecting an industry-wide shift toward scalability through digital infrastructure.

This aligns with findings from BNY’s Tech‑Driven Alpha in Private Markets study, in which 75% of asset owners reported reliance upon heavily manual or bespoke processes to oversee holdings and 67% cited challenges in extracting and normalizing fund and asset data for alternatives.2

A single, reliable source of truth supported by robust metadata governance and unified data is foundational for operational scalability. Replacing fragmented legacy systems with cloud-first platforms will enable faster, better decision-making and unlock new growth opportunities.

Liquidity management provides a compelling use case for how embracing data unification unlocks new capabilities. As allocations to private markets expand, real-time cross-portfolio dashboards are emerging as essential tools for managing liquidity risk and enhancing agility. When data is clean, connected and well governed, asset owners can visualize exposures comprehensively, empowering them to respond dynamically and holistically to shifting market conditions.

Integrating alternative and sustainability data into these systems also enhances resilience by embedding long-term, nontraditional risks directly into portfolio construction and oversight.

The type of resilience asset owners are building today replaces outdated models focused on short-term risk. The new holistic approach embraces uncertainty, leverages alternative data and integrates technology to ensure portfolios don’t just survive, but thrive across generations. Dr. Ashby Monk, Executive and Research Director of Stanford Long-Term Investing

The type of resilience asset owners are building today replaces outdated models focused on short-term risk. The new holistic approach embraces uncertainty, leverages alternative data and integrates technology to ensure portfolios don’t just survive, but thrive across generations.

Unlocking Growth with AI

Asset owners are increasingly integrating AI into their operations, with 71% reporting that AI has been at least minimally embedded within operations processes.3 Nearly half identified AI as a strategic enabler in improving data quality and increasing employee productivity.4

Realizing AI’s potential demands cultural and organizational change and requires deep investment in technology infrastructure and data governance. Fostering a culture of curiosity, developing an AI mindset and providing regular training empowers employees to adopt AI and discover innovative AI use-cases. Asset owners that proactively address workforce impacts through retraining and redeployment strategies recognize that adoption remains critical as technology reshapes workflows.

The intersection of AI and data management is consequential. While the volume of available information is overwhelming, AI’s ability to aggregate, analyze and apply consistent reasoning across vast datasets is a game-changer. It can help reveal hidden portfolio overlaps, identify inefficiencies and enable smarter capital deployment such as reallocating cash holdings into higher-yielding private credit opportunities.

AI and advanced data science enable rapid and thorough analyses of vast and disparate datasets, creating tangible financial benefits that justify technology investments.

Charting the Course to Total Portfolio Management

Traditional investment playbooks — which rely on strategic asset allocations and siloed portfolio management — are increasingly insufficient to navigate volatile macroeconomic conditions and growing geopolitical complexity. TPM allows asset owners to dynamically adjust exposures in response to evolving market conditions, optimize liquidity and costs and make informed decisions.

Fewer than one in three asset owners expressed confidence in achieving a truly integrated, real-time portfolio view, highlighting a pressing need and significant opportunity.5 Nearly 44% of asset owners reported relying on three to five different systems to manage accounting, reporting, and data, underscoring the difficulty of achieving a real-time holistic portfolio view.6 Because of these hurdles, asset owners are willing to outsource if it results in faster, more secure implementation of TPM.

“During our Total Portfolio Management session, asset owners overwhelmingly agreed that they would rent or buy solutions today rather than build bespoke systems,” noted Rohan Singh, Head of Asset Owners, APAC & Middle East at BNY. “They highlighted that off-the-shelf platforms deliver rapid deployment, proven security and ongoing vendor support — all critical in a fast-moving market.”

Adopting TPM requires asset owners to move beyond siloed asset-class structures and embrace an integrated and holistic framework. Developing a culture that facilitates collaboration across functions and asset classes and operates under a unified strategic vision is essential. It enables knowledge and insight to flow seamlessly across all stakeholders and empowers the investment and operations teams to make more informed, agile decisions. As this approach becomes ingrained, teams can dynamically adjust strategies while remaining aligned on shared goals and objectives, ultimately resulting in a more resilient and future-ready firm.

By investing in a strong, collaborative culture, asset owners unlock the agility and cohesion needed to de-risk transformation and flourish in any market. Mike Green, UK and Continental Europe Head of Asset Owner Segment, BNY

By investing in a strong, collaborative culture, asset owners unlock the agility and cohesion needed to de-risk transformation and flourish in any market.

Alpha Unlocked by Embracing Innovation

Asset owners that embrace innovation as a strategic imperative can unlock new sources of alpha and enhance portfolio resilience while maintaining alignment with long-term missions. However, adopting new technologies alone will not yield success — a cultural transformation is necessary, one that prioritizes data as a strategic asset and empowers a cross-functional collaborative team united by common goals.

“Culture is the catalyst for resilient strategy; it forges a single data language, empowers teams to embrace new technologies, and aligns everyone around shared, holistic objectives,” said Mike Green, UK and Continental Europe Head of Asset Owner Segment at BNY. “By investing in a strong, collaborative culture, asset owners unlock the agility and cohesion needed to de-risk transformation and flourish in any market.”

1,4,5 "Asset Owner Innovation Summit Pre-Event Survey: Benchmarking Operating Efficiency," BNY, 2025.2,3,6 "Tech-Driven Alpha in Private Markets: Putting Alts Investors in the Driver's Seat," BNY, August 5, 2025.

Trending

Capital at Work: Growing the World Through Infrastructure Finance

Building Secondary Market Liquidity In Saudi Arabia — Powering Vision 2030?

Future of Finance

Alternative Asset Strategies for Private Wealth Managers

6 for 2026: One Month In, What’s Changed?

Payments modernization today goes beyond upgrading rails: It’s about redesigning the operating model for a continuous, data-rich – and increasingly intelligent – rail-agnostic payments environment. In this paper, BNY shares insights from its own transformation journey and the development of a new payments platform designed to help clients move modernization forward with greater clarity and confidence.

With $135T in global AUM at stake, fragmented batch data and T+1 workflows stall decisions — agentic AI and real-time analytics unify operations.

Learn what approaches wealth management executives across the industry are adopting to redesign operating models and improve client service and efficiency.

Trade finance has long been constrained by paper-based processes, fragmented data and costly inefficiencies. As legal frameworks begin catching up with technology, tokenization may finally be positioned to unlock greater transparency, reduce fraud and expand access to capital.

Ready to grow your business? Speak to our team.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole and/or its various subsidiaries generally. This material and any products and services mentioned may be issued or provided in various countries by duly authorized and regulated subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint ventures of BNY. This material does not constitute a recommendation by BNY of any kind. The information herein is not intended to provide tax, legal, investment, accounting, financial or other professional advice on any matter, and should not be used or relied upon as such. The views expressed within this material are those of the contributors and not necessarily those of BNY. BNY has not independently verified the information contained in this material and makes no representation as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, merchantability or fitness for a specific purpose of the information provided in this material. BNY assumes no direct or consequential liability for any errors in or reliance upon this material.

This material may not be reproduced or disseminated in any form without the express prior written permission of BNY. BNY will not be responsible for updating any information contained within this material and opinions and information contained herein are subject to change without notice. Trademarks, service marks, logos and other intellectual property marks belong to their respective owners.

© 2025 BNY. All rights reserved. Member FDIC.

Asset Servicing Disclaimer

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.