NEW YORK, Dec. 18, 2025 — BNY today announced a 2026 initiative to mark the 250th anniversary of the United States of America, celebrating the nation's financial foundations, BNY’s contributions, and how our country’s innovation is helping to power the future of finance and economies everywhere.
Since its founding in 1784, BNY has played a unique role in the development of America’s financial markets and economy. In 2026, the company will spotlight key market advancements — from faster payments, AI and digital infrastructure to the recent expansion of financial access to families — that will help shape the economic growth of our future.
“BNY is honored to have contributed to the development of the U.S.’s financial system driving economic activity in communities and financial markets everywhere,” said Jayee Koffey, Chief Enablement and Global Affairs Officer, BNY. “As we mark our nation's important milestone, we will highlight the innovations shaping today’s markets and their role in delivering economic growth well into the future.”
Throughout 2026, BNY will convene clients, industry peers, employees, and communities to explore industry advancements that are shaping the markets, while highlighting opportunities to strengthen economic vitality and resilience locally, nationally and globally. These efforts include supporting and co-hosting America’s Field Trip, teaming up with the Milken Center for Advancing the American Dream (MCAAD), and celebrating BNY’s Founder’s Day — each offering distinct ways to recognize progress and engage the next generation of leaders.
Additional details about BNY’s commemorative programming will be shared in the months ahead.
About BNY
BNY is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world – managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For more than 240 years BNY has partnered alongside clients, putting its expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today BNY helps over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally access the money they need. BNY supports governments in funding local projects and works with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of September 30, 2025, BNY oversees $57.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.1 trillion in assets under management.
BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Headquartered in New York City, BNY has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bny.com. Follow on LinkedIn or visit the BNY Newsroom for the latest company news.
For further information please contact:
Media:
   Ryan Wells
ryanw@bny.com