Sr. DevOps Engineer

Position Summary: This position is for a Sr. DevOps Engineer focused on CI/CD tooling for the on-premise and AWS infrastructure. This position will work closely with developers, QC and infrastructure teams to build out our in-house and cloud CI/CD pipelines so that developers can build and deploy application in a secure manner. This position will also maintain current DevOps tooling at TCH.

About The Clearing House: The Clearing House (TCH) is a banking association and payments company that is owned by the largest commercial banks in the United States. TCH owns and operates the core payments system infrastructure in the US and is currently working to modernize that infrastructure by launching a new, ubiquitous, real-time payment system. TCH is the only private-sector ACH and wire operator in the US, clearing and settling nearly $2 trillion in US dollar payments each day, representing half of all commercial ACH and wire volume. TCH has provided critical services to the banking industry since 1853, and today, our core products facilitate services including Direct Deposit of payroll, bill payments, and check image exchange.

Qualifications Required:

Advance proficiency in implementing and supporting Infrastructure as Code – proficiency in Terraform, Ansible etc., for managing complex, multi-region cloud environments

Expert level management of Kubernetes (EKS, AKS) including cluster hardening, service meshes, and custom controllers

Ability to design and scale self-healing pipelines using GitHub Actions, GiLab CI, or Jenkins for GitOps Workflows

Deep architectural knowledge of AWS, Azure specifically regarding cost optimization, compliance, security and high availability

Implementation of full stack telemetry using ELK stack, Grafana or Datadog to ensure proactive system health

Experience transitioning legacy monolithic architecture into scalable secure Microservices

Integration of automated security scanning (SAST/DAST) and compliance-as-code directly into the development lifecycle

Lead DevSecOps initiatives by automating vulnerability scanning, secret management (HashiCorp Vault), and IAM policy enforcement

Experience in working with CICD tools like Jenkins, GitHub, GitHub Actions, Articatory, SonarQube, Fortify, Blackduck, Xray, and AWS tools.

Proven track record of working with application engineering teams, conducting code reviews, and establishing internal "best practices."

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Experience in mentoring and working with other team members in an Agile environment

Experience in working in a regulated environment with a Secure-SDLC and implementing check points and processes for building and deploying code within that regulated environment.

Qualifications desired:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience

Minimum 5 years in a DevOps or SRE role, with a track record of managing high -traffic production environments

Expert level proficiency in AWS and/or Azure

Deep expertise in Docker and Certified Kubernetes skills

Strong proficiency in Python, Go, or Ruby for creating custom automation tooling and APIs

Advanced understanding of Linux system administration, kernel tuning, and networking protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP/S, DNS)

Understanding of modern security practices, including SOC2 compliance, OIDC, and encryption at rest/transit

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Design and enforce "Policy as Code" to ensure infrastructure consistently meets standards

Lead the integration of automated security gates (SAST/DAST), image scanning, and vulnerability management into CI/CD pipelines

Manage sensitive financial data and credentials using enterprise-grade tools like HashiCorp Vault, AWS Secrets Manager, and Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).

Architect multi-region, disaster-recovery-ready environments on AWS to minimize downtime for critical banking transactions

Success factors/job competencies: The successful candidate will have strong technical expertise on a variety of platforms and will be able to contribute to the design, test and implementation of the application. The candidate will need to be detail oriented but also able to understand the overall environment (internally and externally) and interact with and communicate effectively with all levels of the organization and external clients at all levels.

The candidate should be a strong team player. The ability to work effectively cross-organizationally and with external clients will be a key factor to success in this role.

Performance standards:

Complete tasks and projects in a timely manner.

Demonstrate high levels of professionalism and decorum.

Demonstrate effective team work.

Adhere to and support all Tech & Ops and TCH strategic goals.

Communicate effectively with internal personnel at all levels and with vendors and external clients.

Physical demands and work environment: Work is generally sedentary in nature. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc. Work is generally performed within an office environment, with standard office equipment available.
