Global Payments & Trade API Marketplace 
				
				
					
A centralized location for accessing a suite of APIs, enabling seamless integration for your treasury and cash management needs. 
				
				 
			
End-to-end payables solutions to help organizations boost disbursements, reduce fraud risk and stay flexible
BNY Payables accommodates multiple payment types, from electronic to digital and paper-based payments. Our solutions help modernize operations, reduce fraud risk and optimize working capital — meeting the demands of every counterparty.
We help fast-track the migration from check to electronic and digital payments via smooth, secure transitions from legacy systems — reducing costs and manual effort.
We offer AI-powered validation and protection solutions — securing both incoming and outgoing payments — to help detect, prevent and mitigate payment fraud in real time.
We can schedule payments across major payment types, enabling real-time visibility and reducing account reconcilement time, which helps preserve cash and strengthen treasury operations.
Tokenized payments can be deposited directly into a receiver’s bank account using their name and email or mobile number, leveraging Zelle’s network of millions of registered users.
Payments can be sent and received instantly via a single connection to the RTP® and FedNow® networks, with an RTP Credit Transfer option for immediate, irrevocable settlement.
Electronic transmission of payment-related remittance information. Payees can consolidate cash postings via a single, daily ACH deposit and prevent unauthorized debits.
Our wire services offer the ability to initiate and track high-value payments, featuring robust reporting, transaction initiation and real-time visibility into payment status.
Organizations can confirm domestic account numbers, verify account status and authenticate account owners or authorized signers — regardless of payment type — before funds move.
We offer the option to outsource check printing and mailing, which helps control costs and streamline operations. Positive Pay and Positive Payee tools help detect potentially fraudulent checks.
Provides secure and cost-efficient payment and tax-processing solutions to your participants.
Payment processes are streamlined across payees, with the ability to manage, initiate and track payments in real time. This helps reduce tasks and cut costs tied to manual payment processing.
AI helps accelerate and automate processes, improve accuracy and security, and reduce points of delay, error and fraud.
Suppliers, customers and benefit recipients have the option to choose their preferred payment method through a single integration.
READY TO GET STARTED?