What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Our Commitment to the Responsible, Ethical Use of Data and AI

The growing adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and data-driven technologies is poised to transform the global financial ecosystem. They have the potential to improve decision-making, increase efficiency and enhance product and service experiences across the industry.

At the same time, greater integration of AI also has the potential to accentuate certain risks. These include, for example, privacy intrusions, the risk of inaccurate, unfair or opaquely derived outcomes, and ineffective accountability structures.

As a financial institution that greatly values innovation and trust, we believe in both the potential of Data and AI to support the financial system’s continued evolution and the need for robust guardrails to manage their responsible use.

Our approach to the responsible, ethical use of Data and AI is informed by external sources, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST’s) AI Risk Management Framework and through our longstanding membership of the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Veritas consortium. This approach operates at the top of our wider Data Ethics framework, and guides our practical actions:

1. Accountability and Responsibility:

Operate effective governance and accountability structures to manage our use of Data and AI, including approval processes, risk management and model review.

Take a responsible approach across the AI lifecycle, from initial research and development through to deployment, continuous monitoring and change management.

Train employees to understand and apply our approach to the responsible, ethical use of Data and AI, consistent with our culture of accountability.

Continuously adapt our approach to respond to the evolving technology, legal and regulatory landscape.

2. Transparency and Explainability:

Explain to our clients, employees and all stakeholders, in plain language, how we will use their information.

Operate AI systems with appropriate human oversight, making sure that decisions informed by such systems are explainable and justifiable.

3. Privacy and Security:

Employ a “privacy and security by design” approach, including: Processing personal information only where we are authorized to do so.Upholding the privacy rights of the individuals whose data we use.Working to protect data against loss and unauthorized alteration, disclosure, and destruction throughout its lifecycle.Avoiding the introduction of new vulnerabilities and security risks from the introduction of untested security solutions that leverage AI capabilities.

Processing personal information only where we are authorized to do so.

Upholding the privacy rights of the individuals whose data we use.

Working to protect data against loss and unauthorized alteration, disclosure, and destruction throughout its lifecycle.

Avoiding the introduction of new vulnerabilities and security risks from the introduction of untested security solutions that leverage AI capabilities.

4. Fairness and Accuracy:

Identify and mitigate unfair biases throughout Data and AI lifecycles to manage the risk of unfair outcomes.

Operate models that are accurate in relation to their intended purpose.

5. Lawful and Ethical:

Process data in a manner consistent with established laws, regulations and our data ethics policy.

Design and operate AI and advanced analytics systems to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape, taking into account potential reputational risks.

Align our use of Data and AI with BNY’s strategy, principles and code of conduct.

Want to get in touch to find out more about BNY?

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.