8:45 a.m. I start each day by grabbing a cup of coffee before heading to my desk. We have our weekly social media sync meeting to discuss new projects, review last week's performance metrics and connect with the other social media team members. Afterwards, I take time to respond to urgent emails, prioritize tasks for the day and check my to-do list.
11 a.m. My day continues with content creation tasks that involve carefully going through the latest footage taken on my company-provided iPhone to create an Instagram Reel. I carefully select the most impactful clips, ensuring they align with our brand message and audience interests. After the selection, I begin my editing process. Being part of BNY’s culture encourages us to seek feedback and collaboration on our work. I share the edited video with my manager, fellow interns and my team to get their fresh perspectives. I also work with Legal to review the video as they are the key stakeholder in BNY's public facing content.
1 p.m. Some fellow interns and I grab lunch from the cafeteria. When the weather is nice, we head to our 21st-floor terrace rooftop. It’s nice to catch up with them and see what other projects they’re working on. We also invite some of the current analysts that were interns last year to learn more about their roles.
“Being a part of BNY's culture encourages us to seek feedback and collaboration on our work.”
4:30 p.m. As the day winds down, I have meetings with other interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We brainstorm ideas, share our progress and give each other constructive feedback. I also set up coffee chats with members of different teams to pick up advice. I enjoy hearing about their experiences, career insights and I always ask them questions to learn more.
"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."
"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."
"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."
"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."
"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."