Corporate One President/CEO Melissa Ashley Appointed to The Clearing House’s RTP® Business Committee
COLUMBUS, OH & NEW YORK — Corporate One Federal Credit Union, an industry leader in immediate payments, announced today that President/CEO Melissa Ashley has been appointed as a member of The Clearing House’s (TCH) RTP® Business Committee.
"I'm honored to serve on this committee as Corporate One continues to evolve our expertise as a leading, real-time payments partner for credit unions,” Ashley said. “The rapidly changing payments landscape has made it imperative for credit unions to implement RTPs to stay competitive, which is why Corporate One is committed to helping credit unions modernize their payment offerings through the adoption of real-time payments solutions and strategies."
The RTP Business Committee is responsible for ensuring the success of TCH's RTP network, the U.S.'s first 24/7 real-time payments system, through input and guidance on the strategic execution of the RTP network, establish and amend the rules that govern the network to ensure prudent risk management is followed for the RTP business line, as well as ensuring high-quality, efficient operations that deliver safe, efficient, and accessible payments. The committee consists of representatives from banks and credit unions of all sizes.
Ashley's appointment to the RTP Business Committee came after her appointment earlier this year to the RTP Advisory Committee, a group of senior executives from credit unions, community and mid-size banks, and trade associations. Members of the RTP Advisory Committee provide insights on TCH's strategic objectives and methods to execute them throughout the year. The committee provides TCH with a better understanding of credit union and community bank perspectives on achieving wide adoption of the RTP network nationwide.
TCH operates U.S.-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion daily through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation's most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, TCH revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments and the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers.
###
About Corporate One
Serving more than 700 credit unions nationwide, Corporate One Federal Credit Union has provided premier investment, funding and payment solutions to America’s credit unions for nearly 75 years. In addition to helping member credit unions grow their bottom line, manage cash effectively, and succeed in the faster/real-time payments arena, Corporate One continues to nurture and grow its wholly owned CUSOs: Accolade Asset/Liability Advisory Services (balance sheet management), and Lucro Commercial Solutions (business lending).
About The Clearing House  
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and the RTP® network. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel.  These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org. 
Media Contacts:
Adam Gibbs
Corporate One
614-581-5715
agibbs@corpone.org 
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House 
212-612-9282
Gregory.MacSweeney@theclearinghouse.org