Automic Automation 24.4 has arrived, bringing the transformative power of Generative AI to your fingertips. This release empowers every user – from automation newcomers to seasoned experts – to boost productivity, gain deeper insights, and unlock new levels of efficiency. Discover how GenAI revolutionizes your automation workflows and elevates your expertise.
Introducing AI-driven intelligence for Automic workflows
Automic 24.4 introduces ground-breaking features that integrate GenAI, the intelligence of large language models (LLMs) directly into your automation environment. Experience the benefits of GenAI in Automic with AI-powered analysis and contextual guidance to become more productive, empower more users regardless of experience level, gain deeper insights into execution results, and catch potential problems before they occur.
How AI in Automic transforms your automation workflow
Flexible and secure AI model integration
Maintain control over data security with Bring Your Own Model (BYOM) support for leading LLMs like Google’s Gemini, OpenAI’s GPT, or a local open source LLM via the Ollama platform. Keep your sensitive information within your own environment. Automic SaaS customers will leverage the default model, Gemini.
Build AI-powered workflows
Integrate AI into your automation workflows using the new ASK_AI function. Automatically generate enhanced notifications with error explanations, translations, and more. Receive alerts that tell you not only *what* went wrong, but *why* and *how* to fix it. Get effortless data extraction using natural language to use for example, to prioritize service tickets.
Integrate AI prompts directly into your automation scripts with ASK_AI. 
Contextual AI-powered insights to speed root cause analysis
Effortlessly summarize job execution reports, analyze complex scripts, and receive clear explanations of cryptic error messages, all within the familiar Automic UI. Right-click anywhere in the UI for instant access to AI-powered analysis of executions, tasks, and error messages. Uncover hidden insights and understand the impact of recent changes.
Find the root cause of failure in a log with AI-powered analysis.
AI-powered help
Improve productivity and get help with natural language requests in any language through an AI-powered help chat interface. Get answers to your Automic and automation questions faster.
By asking about the GCP Big Query agent in natural language, the AI-powered assistant will provide information about how the integration works.
Global communication with multilingual support
Conduct conversations and receive AI-powered insights in any language, breaking down communication barriers and expanding the reach of your automation.
Experience the future of automation with the power of GenAI
For our Automic on-premises and AAKE customers, upgrade to Automic 24.4 today. Join a Designated Upgrade Weekend to get dedicated support and fast efficient upgrades. Automic SaaS customers: these new features are available today.