What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY leadership recognized by American Banker in their 2024 Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance rankings

Three of BNY’s leadership have today been named to American Banker’s 2024 Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance lists. The annual celebrations of the industry’s female leadership have this year chosen to honor Emily Portney, Global Head of Asset Servicing, Jennifer Barker, Global Head of Payments & Trade and Depositary Receipts, and Hanneke Smits, Chair of BNY Investments.

“We are fortunate to have strong, visionary leaders including Emily, Jennifer and Hanneke driving our company forward,&quot; said Robin Vince, CEO of BNY. “Their recognition by American Banker underscores their remarkable contributions and the powerful influence they wield within the broader industry. Congratulations to all.”

Emily Portney is the Global Head of BNY’s Asset Servicing business, the firm’s largest unit providing custody, fund services and data and platform solutions to asset owners, traditional and alternative investment managers, insurance companies, banks and broker-dealers. This is the fourth time Emily has been named in American Banker’s "Most Powerful Women in Finance” list.

Emily Portney

Jennifer Barker is responsible for leading BNY's market-leading Treasury Services and Depositary Receipts businesses. BNY’s Treasury Services business is one of the top five U.S. dollar payments clearers in the world, clearing roughly $2.4 trillion of USD payments daily, on average1. As of January 2024, BNY is the #1 Global Depositary bank by number of sponsored depositary receipts programs with $341 billion in assets under custody. It is the first time Jennifer has been featured in American Banker’s “Most Powerful Women in Banking” list.

Jennifer Barker

Hanneke Smits is Chair of BNY Investments, a role she took on in September 2024 following her tenure as Global Head of BNY Investments, one of world's largest asset management firms. Hanneke is also Global Chair of the 30% Club, a leading business campaign that aims to increase gender diversity at the board and senior management levels of organizations globally. Hanneke has been named in American Banker’s “Most Powerful Women in Finance” list for the second consecutive year.

Hanneke Smits

“This year’s rankings feature longtime honorees ascending to new heights, showcasing the advancement that this program has celebrated for over two decades,” says Chana Schoenberger, Editor-in-Chief of American Banker. “We’re also welcoming newcomers, which proves that with perseverance comes progress. It hasn’t been an easy year for banks and financial institutions, but progress continues — not by chance, but through the determined efforts of these women.”

Now in its 22nd year, American Banker’s The Most Powerful Women in Banking™ initiative recognizes individuals and teams for demonstrating exceptional leadership skills, strong business performance and a commitment to driving real outcomes for diversity, equity and inclusion in financial services. As part of that program, The Most Powerful Women in Finance rankings feature top executives from asset managers, securities exchanges, wealth management firms and investment banks. For more information and to read the full profiles, please visit American Banker.

1The Clearing House. Based on CHIPS volumes for the year ended December 31, 2023.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.