Vice President, Business Technology Liaison – (Artificial Intelligence)

Vice President, Business Technology Liaison (AI)At BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide.Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary.We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Vice President, Business Technology Liaison (AI) to join our CT Reengineering team. This role is in Manchester.In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Acts as resource for Business Leaders / Stakeholders to develop process improvement using Artificial intelligence, process reengineering or digital tools based on their business strategy. With minimal guidance, defines, designs and implements process improvement initiatives by engaging with cross-functional teams. Responsible to scan processes for AI automation and augmentation, develop business cases, design data pipelines and models, and lead end‑to‑end execution from discoveries through production and ongoing optimizationStrong grounding in prompt engineering, NLP, optimization, and AI; proficiency with Python, model lifecycle; experience translating operational pain points into deployable solutions; excellent communication and storytelling; and a track record delivering complex programs. Preferred: exposure to enterprise data, process mining, and responsible AIAssigned to moderately complex business problems and/or a piece of an enterprise-wide initiative. Conducts research to inform and guide solutions. Employs a client-focused approach to drive adoption and utilization of business process re-engineering solutions. Conduct data driven root cause analysis & identify improvement opportunities/recommendationsDocument, analyze and prioritize business process requirements using Six Sigma/Lean/Reengineering principles. Develops business process change recommendations. Facilitates and coaches project team to ensure optimal program adoption. Employs project management and change management strategies. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: Bachelor’s degree or the equivalent combination of education and experience is required. Advanced/graduate degree preferred. Significant work experience preferred. Experience in securities, financial products and/or the finance industry preferred. Six Sigma Black Belt, PMP, Scrum Master certifications preferredIn the project/program structure, leads a project team to accomplish results. Contributes to the achievement of multiple related team’s objectives and profitability of assigned Products/Processes/Business. Liaises with relevant networks and professional groups for best practice sharing and industry standards. At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at:BNY NewsroomBNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards:America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025“Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025Our Benefits and Rewards:BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.  
