Mail Insert Operator (By hand)

Opening its doors over 40 years ago, FSSI is one of the largest woman-owned providers of documents services in the western United States, specializing in highly-customizable print and mail, electronic delivery, marketing and compliance solutions. As a vibrant, growing organization, FSSI is looking to expand our team.

FSSI is currently looking for a full-time Mail Inserter (Custom Insert Operator) to join our 2nd shift team in Santa Ana, CA. This position is responsible for manually preparing custom mailing orders by folding and inserting confidential documentation into envelopes or packages by hand, following specific work order instructions. Our ideal candidate is detail-oriented, accountable and enjoys working in a fast-paced deadline-driven environment.

Full-time Schedule: Monday – Friday, 1:30 pm – 10:00 pm (2nd shift)

Overtime is scheduled as needed, and could require coming in earlier, staying later, and working weekend shifts during high-volume production cycles.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Fold and insert documents according to specific checklist instructions for each job order. Attention to detail is crucial to ensure documents are inserted correctly.

Review and check the quality of documents based on checklist instructions. Report any errors to shift leads.

Scan each piece of mail to ensure all expected counts of each job are met.

Deliver completed work to QA for sign off.

Assist the department with additional work, as needed and/or requested.

Flexibility in work schedule is required on a recurring basis. This includes but is not limited to frequently working 10 or more hours per day and at least one Saturday shift a month.

Requirements

EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS

High School Diploma or equivalent preferred.

Strong time management, organizational and attention-to-detail skills required.

Must have experience working in a fast-paced production or manufacturing environment.

Experience that involves handling confidential documentation is preferred.

Mail Inserting experience is a plus.

Must demonstrate the ability to multitask and prioritize accordingly.

Flexibility in work schedule to work overtime when needed is required.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

This position is sitting for long periods. Frequently required to use hands and/or fingers to grasp, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. Occasionally required to stand and walk. Frequently required to lift and/or move up to 40 pounds independently. Specific vision required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, and focus adjustments.

Benefits

Why Join Us?

Employee Ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP): When you join our team, you’re not just an employee—you become an employee-owner, sharing in the success of our company and shaping its future.

Strong company culture with a stable company and opportunity to grow and build a career.

Benefits include:

401(k) & Roth + Employee Stock Ownership Plan

Medical, Dental, Vision & Life Insurance

Vacation, sick leave and paid holidays – including your birthday!

Employee Assistance Program

Additional perks & employee award programs

Hiring Rate (per hour): $17.50
