Main Content

We’re proud to be payments nerds – we love sharing perspectives on all things payments. The Payments Nerds® podcast features expert guests who explore the most important issues, topics and trends to consider in payments today. If you are a payments nerd too, or are a little bit curious about what’s going on the payments world, you’ll want to check out the Payments Nerds podcast from The Clearing House, hosted by Gregory MacSweeney.

Podcast Archive:

To access the full Payments Nerds® archive where we profile the most innovative companies and individuals in banking and payments, visit Apple Podcasts or Spotify.

Be sure to subscribe to avoid missing an episode!

Podcast Type Options

View All Podcasts

Business Consumer Use Cases

CHIPS

Product Innovation Strategy

Tech Infrastructure

Financial Institution Readiness

Liquidity Management

Market Trends Insight

Real Time Payments

Risk and Fraud Mitigation

Datos Insights on How AI, Faster Payments, and Modernization Are Transforming Banking

10/24/2025

Erika Baumann and Gilles Ubaghs of Datos Insights discuss the major themes shaping global banking – from real-world AI adoption and payments ...

How Instant Payments Foster Financial Inclusion: Suncoast Credit Union’s RTP® Journey

10/16/2025

In this episode, Suncoast Credit Union’s Director of Payment Operations, Brandi Forrester, discusses how instant payments are transforming ...

Sun Credit Union CEO Pat Mason Discusses First Steps with the RTP® Network and Building the Case for Instant Payments

09/26/2025

In this episode, we sit down with Pat Mason, CEO of Sun Credit Union, along with Leslie Payne, Sun’s Director of Accounting, and Barb Kren, ...

Celebrating Women Leaders in Payments: Insights, Stories, and Inspiration

09/04/2025

In this special Payments Nerds® episode, Greg Myers, host of the Leaders in Payments podcast, joins to explore themes that are ...

Randolph Brooks FCU’s Instant Payments Journey: Building the Business Case

08/18/2025

In this episode, Deana Bartel of Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union (RBFCU) and Melissa Ashley from Corporate One discussed how to build a ...

How NFTYDoor and Modern Treasury are Transforming Home Equity Lending with Instant Payments on the RTP® Network

07/29/2025

Discover how NFTYDoor is transforming the home equity lending experience with instant payments over the RTP® network. Jonathan ...

1 2 3 4 5 6