Mail Sorter (1st shift)

Opening its doors over 40 years ago, FSSI is one of the largest woman-owned providers of documents services in the western United States, specializing in highly-customizable print and mail, electronic delivery, marketing and compliance solutions. As a vibrant, growing organization, FSSI is looking to expand our team.FSSI is currently looking for a Mail Sorter to join our 1st shift team in Santa Ana, CA. This position is responsible for sorting mail from mail insert machinery in a fast-paced, high-volume mail production environment. We’re looking for a reliable candidate who is eager to grow in a fast-paced production environment!Full-time Schedule: Monday – Friday, 05:00 am - 1:30 pm (1st shift) Overtime is scheduled as needed, and could require coming in earlier, staying later, and working weekend shifts during high-volume production cycles. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESTransfer sealed envelopes from insert machines to mail trays.Ensure all envelopes are stamped and sealed.Confirm mailing addresses and micro numbers are visible in envelope windows.Physically move filled mail trays and place them onto pallets.Sort at more than one machine at a time.Frequently required to lift, move, pull and push up to 40 pounds.Assist Machine Operators with preparation tasks prior to the start of each job and with the clearing of stock and materials at the end of each job.Assist the department with additional work, as needed and/or requested.In addition to your regular schedule, additional hours (overtime) will be required on an as needed basis to support business operations. This may include working a longer daily schedule or working on weekends. By accepting this position, it is with the understanding that you will be available to work on the weekends, unless there is a medically documented restriction in accordance with federal, state or local law.RequirementsEDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONSHigh School Diploma or equivalent preferred.Experience working in a fast-paced production or manufacturing environment highly preferred.Strong time management and organizational skills required.Flexibility in work schedule to work overtime when needed is required.PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTSContinuous standing, walking and movement of the upper body for up to 10 hours a day. Regularly required to use hands and/or fingers to grasp, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, and talk and hear. Occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Must frequently lift, move, pull, and push up to 40 pounds. Specific visions required by this job include close, distance, accurate color, peripheral vision, and focus adjustments.BenefitsWhy Join Us? Employee Ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP): When you join our team, you’re not just an employee—you become an employee-owner, sharing in the success of our company and shaping its future. Strong company culture with a stable company and opportunity to grow and build a career.Benefits include:401(k) & Roth + Employee Stock Ownership PlanMedical, Dental, Vision & Life InsuranceVacation, sick leave and paid holidays – including your birthday! Employee Assistance ProgramAdditional perks & employee award programsHiring Rate: $17.50 per hour
