Java Full Stack Engineer with AI-driven development exposure - Vice President

Vice President - Java Full Stack Engineer with AI-driven development exposureAt BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide.Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary.We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Java Full Stack Engineer with AI-driven development exposure to join our Conventional Trust Platform team. This role is located in Manchester. In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Define and execute the enterprise Java full stack technology strategy, aligned with business transformation goals.Champion AI driven development practices (e.g., AI-assisted coding, automated testing, remediation, and code quality).Drive modernization initiatives including cloud migration, microservices, event-driven architectures, and API-led platforms.Establish best practices for secure, scalable, and resilient application design.Oversee end-to-end delivery of complex platforms across backend (Java) and frontend technologies.Ensure high-quality engineering outcomes using CI/CD, automation, and DevSecOps practices.Lead large-scale programs focused on velocity, reliability, and cost efficiency.Drive backlog prioritization, technical debt reduction, and vulnerability remediation To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: Senior full stack engineer with Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required; advanced degree preferred Solid understanding of the ML lifecycle; exposure to model risk or governance is a plus. Strong Exposure and knowledge of front end technologies such as React and AngularAbility to solve ambiguous problems with scalable, innovative solutions. Excellent collaboration and communication skills, able to engage effectively with engineers, architects, and executives. Strong Java development skills, including experience with multi-threaded and mission critical applicationsStrong hands-on experience with Python, ML frameworks, and LLM/GenAI toolingStrong hands-on experience with AI Development tools like Claude CLI, WindsurfAt BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at:BNY NewsroomBNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards: America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025“Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025Our Benefits and Rewards:BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.  
