What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

A Global View on Loan Portfolios: Global Trends

The alternative asset market is evolving. Interest in syndicated loans and related products has grown on an exponential level in the last two years, with a large number of refinancing alongside new issuances. In our latest Corporate Trust Expert Conversation, our panel of experts discussed a wide range of topics, picking up on a previous series on transparency and client demands for data and the use cases for LoanArcSM, BNY Mellon’s secure, web-based loan reporting solution.

In this first of two parts, we spoke about broad industry trends in the global loans arena and the regional differences that affect client needs. As investors around the world increasingly look to alternative investments, including private debt and loans, more understanding is needed on the key trends within and between regions. [See BNY Mellon’s latest research on these global growth trends.]

What regional factors need to be better known as allocations to alternatives continue to increase?

Maeve O'Brien, LATAM/Canada Cross Border Business Manager: Within Latin America, you see more lending on a discrete basis rather than in portfolios, usually by major U.S. banks and European financial institutions. Many of these loans are bilateral with companies that are engaged in export activity throughout Europe and the U.S. BNY Mellon plays a role in those cross-border transactions by paying accounts, bankrolling activities, and providing reporting on those exports.

In Canada, much of the lending is in the public-private partnership space, such as large infrastructure projects in transportation and energy. BNY Mellon plays multiple roles with lenders in that space, who also require reporting in terms of the project targets and deadlines.

Kenneth Cheong, Managing Director, Asia Pacific: In APAC, we are seeing more interest in the loan space, especially from the fund side. But we do not yet have much of a secondary market, since investors tend to adopt a take-and-hold approach for loan assets and Asian borrowers often expect lenders to hold their allocation to maturity as a sign of commitment to the relationship.

Recently we have been speaking with banks looking to sell their Non-Performing Loan portfolios to funds that operate in the distressed space. Meanwhile, funds are looking for a trusted third-party source of pricing for loans. Without a proper secondary market, and with many loans in Asian currencies, there is a lack of transparency and comps are not easily obtained, which makes investments more challenging. In other words, it is interesting but early days here.

Medita Vucic, Group Manager for U.S. Financial Institutions: The U.S. captures the largest share of the $3 trillion global syndicated lending market, primarily driven by investors’ continued search for yield and diversification. Loans will continue to be a driver for both private debt and Separately Managed Accounts (SMAs), as will the renewed interest in the CLO market.

However, the loan asset class is not very efficient as it is very paper-based and market participants are looking for more transparency. In order to achieve transparency, there will need to be investment in technology and operations. The question outstanding in the market is how can managers achieve that operational efficiency, when adding more bodies generally is not the solution they are looking to adopt.

O’Brien: Exactly. The need is for efficiency in terms of time to market and in terms of settlement period. There is anywhere between five and 21 days as a settlement date for loans. If you look at a bond, by comparison, there is typically two to three.

The market is looking to reduce that time window so that they reduce their counterparty exposure and have more efficiency as they run their portfolios.

Read Part 2 of our Corporate Trust Expert Conversation for more detail on the service and technology innovations that address client needs for efficiency and transparency.

©2018 The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. All rights reserved. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand for The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Products and services referred to herein are provided by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and its subsidiaries. Content is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide authoritative financial, legal, regulatory or other professional advice. This information may be considered advertising.

Click here to see more disclosures

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.