Automic Automation 24.4 is Here: Unlock the Power of GenAI in Your Automation!

Kaj Wierda

4 min read | March 28, 2025

Key Takeaways

With the Automic Automation 24.4 release, get the power of generative AI directly in the Automic UI.

Build AI-powered workflows with the ASK_AI function by asking contextual questions within your scripting to get automatic processing of the data returned by the AI without requiring user interaction.

Contextual AI-powered insights speed root cause analysis by effortlessly summarizing job execution reports, analyzing complex scripts, and receiving clear explanations of error messages.

Automic Automation 24.4 has arrived, bringing the transformative power of Generative AI to your fingertips. This release empowers every user – from automation newcomers to seasoned experts – to boost productivity, gain deeper insights, and unlock new levels of efficiency. Discover how GenAI revolutionizes your automation workflows and elevates your expertise.

Introducing AI-driven intelligence for Automic workflows

Automic 24.4 introduces ground-breaking features that integrate GenAI, the intelligence of large language models (LLMs) directly into your automation environment. Experience the benefits of GenAI in Automic with AI-powered analysis and contextual guidance to become more productive, empower more users regardless of experience level, gain deeper insights into execution results, and catch potential problems before they occur.

How AI in Automic transforms your automation workflow

Flexible and secure AI model integration

Maintain control over data security with Bring Your Own Model (BYOM) support for leading LLMs like Google’s Gemini, OpenAI’s GPT, or a local open source LLM via the Ollama platform. Keep your sensitive information within your own environment. Automic SaaS customers will leverage the default model, Gemini.

Build AI-powered workflows

Integrate AI into your automation workflows using the new ASK_AI function. Automatically generate enhanced notifications with error explanations, translations, and more. Receive alerts that tell you not only *what* went wrong, but *why* and *how* to fix it. Get effortless data extraction using natural language to use for example, to prioritize service tickets.

Integrate AI prompts directly into your automation scripts with ASK_AI.

Contextual AI-powered insights to speed root cause analysis

Effortlessly summarize job execution reports, analyze complex scripts, and receive clear explanations of cryptic error messages, all within the familiar Automic UI. Right-click anywhere in the UI for instant access to AI-powered analysis of executions, tasks, and error messages. Uncover hidden insights and understand the impact of recent changes.

Find the root cause of failure in a log with AI-powered analysis.

AI-powered help

Improve productivity and get help with natural language requests in any language through an AI-powered help chat interface. Get answers to your Automic and automation questions faster.

By asking about the GCP Big Query agent in natural language, the AI-powered assistant will provide information about how the integration works.

Global communication with multilingual support

Conduct conversations and receive AI-powered insights in any language, breaking down communication barriers and expanding the reach of your automation.

Experience the future of automation with the power of GenAI

For our Automic on-premises and AAKE customers, upgrade to Automic 24.4 today. Join a Designated Upgrade Weekend to get dedicated support and fast efficient upgrades. Automic SaaS customers: these new features are available today.

Related Resources

Blog September 18, 2026

Modernization at Scale: How Banco Inter Orchestrates 10 Million Accounts with Automic Automation

Banco Inter made a strategic decision to replace the legacy tool with Broadcom's Automic Automation.

Read More

eBook September 14, 2026

Beyond Observability with Automation Intelligence

This eBook explores the challenges of fragmented automation and the key requirements for establishing comprehensive, enterprise-wide observability and critical business insight.

Read More

Blog September 14, 2026

Broadcom Unveils AAI v26, Bringing Financial Accountability and AI-Driven Insights to Workload Automation

AAI v26 introduces precise cost attribution and chargeback reporting, a natural-language interface for exploring operational data, and frontier AI led security process.

Read More

Tag(s): Automation , Automic Automation , GenAI Automation , GenAI

Copyright © 2005- Broadcom. All Rights Reserved. The term “Broadcom” refers to Broadcom Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms of Use | Contact Us