What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Catherine D., spent her summer working in Engineering.

7:45 a.m. If I'm going to the office, I catch the bus – along with some of my fellow interns – to the Grant Street building. If I'm in a seat, I like to spend this time working through the NYT Mini Crossword and Connections. Every morning from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m., I have a daily digest call with my global team. We'll spend this hour going over updates, note areas of improvement and discuss possible solutions and action items. This connection is a great way for me to learn what the rest of my team is working on.

11 a.m. By now, I'll have gone through all of my emails and Teams messages. At 11:00 a.m., I jump on a call with my manager and team for a daily catchup where we provide more specific updates and discuss how we can improve our work. It's always a comfortable, safe and collaborative space where I've gotten to know all my team well. Around this time, I'll often have morning intern program events, town halls and workshops which are informative and helpful!

12:30 p.m. I'll head to the cafeteria for lunch which is conveniently located on the same floor where I work. I'll either heat up my lunch in the microwave, grab takeout from spots around downtown Pittsburgh or go to the cafeteria to customize a pizza or fill a container buffet-style— the food is great! I often grab lunch with fellow interns who I met during Induction week, so we all come from different lines of businesses. It's fun to catch up and learn what everyone is up to.

“[My team meetings are] always a comfortable, safe and collaborative space where I've gotten to know all of my team well.”

1:30 p.m. Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor at this time. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY. Otherwise, I'll work at my desk for a stretch of time. My work involves a lot of refining and testing, and I like to keep track of everything with OneNote. On days when my meeting calendar is more open, I'll log into Learn at BNY and scroll through some digital learning pathways that pique my interest that week.

4 p.m. Sometimes there are intern sessions that occur in the afternoon, or I'll have a meeting with my manager, but this time is mostly dedicated to working and staying on track. I'll ping my manager with significant updates and check my emails before logging off. Then, it's time to head home!

Catherine’s day at BNY started at 7:45 a.m. Expand to learn what happened next!

Want to spend your own Day in the Life at BNY? Our 8–10 week internship program provides undergraduate students global exposure to the financial services industry across a variety of functional areas.

"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."

"BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."

"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."

"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."

"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.