I enjoyed the opportunity to work with AI. I was surprised to learn how fast BNY is adapting to our changing world.
                
            INTERNSHIPS
            Catherine D.
        Intern Cohort 2024
                                Data Science
                                Pittsburgh, PA
                            CLASS OF 2025
                                Carleton College
                                Major: Computer Science
                                Hometown: Doylestown, PA
                            7:45 a.m. If I'm going to the office, I catch the bus – along with some of my fellow interns – to the Grant Street building. If I'm in a seat, I like to spend this time working through the NYT Mini Crossword and Connections. Every morning from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m., I have a daily digest call with my global team. We'll spend this hour going over updates, note areas of improvement and discuss possible solutions and action items. This connection is a great way for me to learn what the rest of my team is working on.
11 a.m. By now, I'll have gone through all of my emails and Teams messages. At 11:00 a.m., I jump on a call with my manager and team for a daily catchup where we provide more specific updates and discuss how we can improve our work. It's always a comfortable, safe and collaborative space where I've gotten to know all my team well. Around this time, I'll often have morning intern program events, town halls and workshops which are informative and helpful!
12:30 p.m. I'll head to the cafeteria for lunch which is conveniently located on the same floor where I work. I'll either heat up my lunch in the microwave, grab takeout from spots around downtown Pittsburgh or go to the cafeteria to customize a pizza or fill a container buffet-style— the food is great! I often grab lunch with fellow interns who I met during Induction week, so we all come from different lines of businesses. It's fun to catch up and learn what everyone is up to.
“[My team meetings are] always a comfortable, safe and collaborative space where I've gotten to know all of my team well.”
1:30 p.m. Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor at this time. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY. Otherwise, I'll work at my desk for a stretch of time. My work involves a lot of refining and testing, and I like to keep track of everything with OneNote. On days when my meeting calendar is more open, I'll log into Learn at BNY and scroll through some digital learning pathways that pique my interest that week.
 
4 p.m. Sometimes there are intern sessions that occur in the afternoon, or I'll have a meeting with my manager, but this time is mostly dedicated to working and staying on track. I'll ping my manager with significant updates and check my emails before logging off. Then, it's time to head home!
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Leah J.
        
        
            "I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Benjamin M.
        
        
            "BNY interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Hannah L.
        
        
            "My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."
Intern Stories
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Teresa D. 
        
        
            "If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."
internship
        
        
        	
            A Day in the Life with Brooke G.
        
        
            "I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."