BNY Mellon has appointed Gary Delaney as International Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Delaney will be based in Dublin and brings 20 years of experience in cybersecurity architecture, governance and strategy.
Delaney will report to Matthew McCormack who leads the Information Security Division within BNY Mellon’s Engineering organisation, operating an enterprise-level cybersecurity division that enables and protects the assets of BNY Mellon's businesses and its clients.
“Resilience is a key objective in our work today and has been for 240 years,” said Matthew McCormack, Chief Information Security Officer at BNY Mellon. “Gary brings a depth of experience, adding to BNY Mellon’s existing expertise and innovation in building cybersecurity capabilities and resilience.”
Delaney joins BNY Mellon after almost five years as CISO at Bank of Ireland (BOI) and before that, over four years with Allied Irish Bank (AIB) as Head of Cyber Security Strategy and Group Head of Technical Architecture. He has also held senior roles at Commonwealth Bank and National Australia Bank.
“As a globally admired financial services company, BNY Mellon has demonstrated its leadership position in building innovative products and resilient systems for the benefit of its clients and global financial markets,” said Gary Delaney, International Chief Information Security Officer at BNY Mellon. “I am looking forward to helping the organisation further meet its ambitions in this area.”
“Ireland is a true incubator of top-level talent in the digital, cyber and technology space,” said Paul Kilcullen, Ireland Country Manager and BNY Mellon CEO of Funds Services Ireland. “Gary’s appointment is another example of how BNY Mellon continues to invest in the technology and talent to be more for our clients.”
About BNY Mellon
Established in 1784, BNY Mellon is America’s oldest bank and the first company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BK). Today, BNY Mellon powers capital markets around the world through comprehensive solutions that help clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the financial lifecycle. BNY Mellon had $47.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2023. BNY Mellon has been named among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on LinkedIn or visit our Newsroom for the latest company news.
Media Contacts
BNY Mellon: Jessica.thomas@bnymellon.com