The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY Mellon") (NYSE: BK) announced today that Natalie Sunderland will join the bank as Global Head of Marketing and Communications, effective September 20th. She will report to Akash Shah, Chief Growth Officer at BNY Mellon.
   
Natalie Sunderland
“We are excited to welcome Natalie Sunderland, a seasoned marketing leader with a measurable track record of building and scaling high-growth companies,” said Mr. Shah. “For 237 years, BNY Mellon has been one of the most trusted and innovative financial institutions in the world, and we continue to transform America’s oldest bank into a data-driven digital company that supports our clients’ growth agendas. Natalie’s experience in creating client value and delivering results make her well-suited to lead our firm’s integrated marketing and communications through this historic time.”
“BNY Mellon is an institution essential to the global capital markets ecosystem and with an unparalleled client base,” said Ms. Sunderland. “The firm is relentlessly focused on growth and is revolutionizing the financial industry with its first-in-class digital and technology-driven strategy and is well-positioned to accelerate the changes that are already reshaping our industry. It’s an honor to join the BNY Mellon team on this very exciting journey.”
Ms. Sunderland joins BNY Mellon from Addepar, a high-growth unicorn fintech platform. She served as the company’s Chief Marketing Officer where she successfully repositioned the business as an industry leader. Previously, Ms. Sunderland held executive positions in Silicon Valley technology companies Qventus and Castlight Health, as well as marketing leadership roles at Citigroup and American Express. In 2020, Ms. Sunderland was named Technology Chief Marketing Officer of the Year by wealthmanagement.com.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2021, BNY Mellon had $45.0 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.3 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.