SINGAPORE, Nov. 14, 2019 — BNY Mellon, a global leader in investment management and investment services, announced that it has joined with other financial industry market participants to create a framework for financial institutions to promote the responsible adoption of artificial intelligence and data analytics (AIDA).
   
The framework, known as Veritas, will enable financial institutions to evaluate their AIDA-driven solutions against the principles of fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency (FEAT) that the Monetary Authority of Singapore co-created with the financial industry last year to strengthen internal governance around the application of AI and the management and use of data.
   
This effort was announced by Singapore’s Deputy Prime Minister Heng Swee Keat in a speech this week rolling out a national strategy on artificial intelligence intended to transform Singapore’s economy and improve the lives of its people.
   
“With the prevalence of artificial intelligence and data analytics across financial services, it is essential that we ensure we continue to do the right thing for our clients, the industry and regulators. As an early adopter of these advanced technologies and a provider of critical infrastructure for the world’s financial markets, we believe we can play a significant role in helping to validate the FEAT principles systemically,” said Hans Brown, Global Head of Innovation, BNY Mellon.
   
BNY Mellon has been working with the Veritas consortium and wider community to identify, categorize and refine the use cases that will serve as the starting point for this effort, as well as engaging the broader financial services ecosystem to accelerate its execution.
   
"I welcome BNY Mellon's partnership and contribution to the Veritas consortium. Veritas aims to provide financial institutions with a verifiable way to incorporate FEAT principles into their AI solutions. BNY Mellon has strong engagements in Asia driving digital initiatives, and is able to support the consortium through sharing its knowledge and expertise," said Dr. David Hardoon, Special Advisor (AI), Monetary Authority of Singapore.
   
BNY Mellon’s participation in the Veritas consortium reflects its continuing commitment to being a leader in Singapore’s vibrant and emerging fintech and innovative technology environment. The company, which established a Singapore presence in 1974, has continued to grow its influence in the region – including the opening of its Singapore Innovation Center in 2016.
   
This follows the recent news that BNY Mellon has joined the ASEAN Financial Innovation Network (AFIN), which was established in 2018 to facilitate innovation and cooperation between financial institutions and fintechs in an effort to digitally transform the banking and financial sectors across southeast Asia to ultimately drive financial inclusion.
   
The announcement comes as BNY Mellon’s Executive Committee is arriving in Singapore to host a number of employee and client activities, reaffirming the company’s commitment to building its presence in the region. BNY Mellon’s Head of Digital, Roman Regelman, and Hans Brown participated in this week’s Singapore Fintech Festival on panels discussing enterprise digital transformation and financial services innovation, with Roman presenting the ASEAN SME Fintech awards to three startups. More than 200 visitors from 126 companies were expected to visit the company’s Singapore Innovation Center to learn about the company’s innovation journey and participated in panel discussions on women in innovation and unbiased artificial intelligence.
   
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Sept. 30, 2019, BNY Mellon had $35.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
   
* * * * * *
    
紐約梅隆銀行与金融业携手
  促进以负责任的方式采用人工智能和数据分析
   
2019年11年14日，新加坡 - 全球投资管理和服务的领导者纽约梅隆银行 (BNY Mellon) 宣布，与金融行业市场参与者携手合作，透过为金融机构创建框架，促进以负责任的方式采用人工智能和数据分析 (AIDA)。
  该框架名为 Veritas，将允许金融机构根据新加坡金融管理局去年与金融机构共同创建的公平、符合道德、具有问责制和透明度的原则 (FEAT)，评估他们以 AIDA 驱动的解决方案，加强企业内部围绕人工智能应用以及数据使用的管治。
  新加坡副总理王瑞杰 (Heng Swee Keat) 在本周的一次演讲中推出这项国家人工智能战略，旨在改变新加坡经济和改善人民的生活水平。
  纽约梅隆银行全球创新主管汉斯·布朗 (Hans Brown) 表示：“随着人工智能和数据分析在金融服务领域的普及，我们要确保继续为客户、整个行业和监管机构做正确的事情，這是至关重要的。作为率先采用这些先进的科技和为世界金融市场提供关键基础设施的供应商，我们相信可以在有系统地验证 FEAT 原则这方面发挥重要的角色。”
  纽约梅隆银行將一直与Veritas 和更广大的社区合作，以识别、分类和完善往例作为这项工作的起点，并参与更广泛的金融服务生态系统，以加速这方面执行的力度。
  新加坡金融管理局特别顾问 David Hardoon 博士表示：“我欢迎纽约梅隆银行与 Veritas 的合作和贡献。Veritas旨在为金融机构提供一种可验证的方式将FEAT原则纳入其人工智能解决方案。纽约梅隆银行在亚洲拥有强大的业务，推动着数码创新，并能够通过分享其知识和专业领域为机构提供支持。”
  纽约梅隆银行在Veritas 框架 的参与上，反映了其继续致力于成为新加坡这个充满活力的新兴金融科技和创新技术环境的领导者的願望。 纽约梅隆银行于1974年在在新加坡成立办事处，其后继续在该地区扩大影响力，包括于2016年开设新加坡创新中心。
  此前，纽约梅隆银行已加入东南亚国家联盟（东盟）的金融创新网络 (ASEAN AFIN)。该网络成立于2018年，旨在促进金融机构和金融科技企业之间的创新与合作，以实现东南亚银行和金融业的数字化转型，最终实现普惠金融。
  这次公布伴随着纽约梅隆银行全球执行委员会即将抵达新加坡，透过举办多项员工和客户活动，公司重申其致力于在该地区建立业务的願望。纽约梅隆银行的数字化主管罗曼·雷格曼 (Roman Regelman) 和汉斯·布朗 (Hans Brown) 参加了本周举行的新加坡金融科技节 (Singapore FinTech Festival)，就企业数字化转型和金融服务创新方面進行了讨论。此外，罗曼·雷格曼又向三家初创企业颁发了东盟中小企业金融科技奖。超过200名来自126家公司的参观者预计将参观该公司的新加坡创新中心，并出席关于女性参与创新和无偏见人工智能的论坛讨论。
   
Press Release - Simplified Chinese Version (PDF 227 KB)
   关于纽约梅隆银行
  
纽约梅隆银行是一家全球投资公司，致力在整个投资生命周期中帮助客户管理其金融资产。无论是为机构、企业还是个人投资者提供金融服务，纽约梅隆银行均在35个国家提供明智的投资管理和投资服务。截至2019年9月30日，纽约梅隆银行托管的资产总值35.8万亿美元，管理的资产则为1.9万亿美元。对于希望寻找创建、交易、持有、管理、服务、分配和重组投资的客户，纽约梅隆银行也扮演着单一联系点的角色。纽约梅隆银行是纽约梅隆银行（NYSE：BK）的企业品牌。请浏览www.bnymellon.com以获取更多资讯。客户亦可在Twitter @BNYMellon上关注我们、到访我们的新闻室，或浏览www.bnymellon.com/newsroom，以获取最新的公司新闻。
   媒体查询:
Sai Man
+852 2840 6632
sai.man@bnymellon.com
  Roy Chew
  +65 6372 6974
roy.k.chew@bnymellon.com