Vice President, Full-Stack Engineer

Vice President, Full Stack Engineer At BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide. Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary. Overview of the role:DAIS team is a shared service team that provides key functional capabilities such as self-service reporting, self-service data analytics, risk analytics, operational reconciliation, and integration of core processes with deployed machine learning models. We are enhancing our team and looking for a Full-stack Engineer to work with us as we transform our Global Clearing group into a data driven organization. This group is responsible for building high-performance critical market platforms. The group designs, builds and supports the platform used for US Triparty Repo, this service has 85% of the US Triparty Repo business with $2.7trn of assets globally. This group supports the most critical client-facing services for BNY. In this role, the individual will work closely with Product and Business teams in analyzing business processes, requirements, workflows, client experience needs, user journeys and primarily data – gleaning information and insights with the goal of helping make business decisions. The team and the role are extremely data centric and therefore requires strong SQL and expert programming skills to gather and analyze information and develop recommendations to address strategic business objectives that span multiple, global business and technology areas. As a member of the team, you will create meaningful stories focused on deep insights, and will be fluent across various technologies such as Java, Angular, Python, JavaScript, SQL, Snowflake, and fluent with frameworks such as SpringBoot. BNY is an AI first organization so experience with using Agentic AI and coding assistants such as Windsurf, Cursor, MS Co-pilot is highly recommended. You will be responsible for developing new software as well as maintaining and supporting existing applications. You will be responsible for writing automated test so familiarity with automated testing frameworks suck as Playwright, Selenium is highly recommended. We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Vice President, Full Stack Engineer to join our team. This role is in Lake Mary, FLTo be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline required. An advanced degree is preferred; equivalent professional experience will also be considered.• At least 5 plus years of relevant work experience in as a Full Stack Engineer building and deploying software in the Cloud.• Expert knowledge of Java, Angular, SQL, Snowflake, Python, JavaScript.• Experience building and deploying in at least one major Cloud infrastructure.• Experience with coding assistants such as Windsurf, Cursor, MS Co-pilot.• Knowledge of Agile methodologies and tools such as JIRA, and experience working in an Agile environment.• Good knowledge of capital markets, products and concepts with a focus on fixed income products, money markets, and quantitative methods.• Team player, innovator, out of the box thinker. At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at: BNY Newsroom BNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards: America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025 World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025 “Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025 Our Benefits and Rewards: BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.  
