What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appoints Fangfang Chen as Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital

BNY Mellon has appointed Fangfang Chen as Asia Pacific Chair and Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing and Digital, with effect from Jan 4. Fangfang will be responsible for overseeing the execution of the company’s strategic growth agenda in Asia Pacific and driving the success of the Asset Servicing and Digital business in the region. She will also provide oversight of our regional structure, including regulatory and legal compliance.

She will be based in Hong Kong and report to Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International, BNY Mellon and to James Slater, Head of Asset Servicing Client Coverage and Front Office Solutions, BNY Mellon.

“Asia Pacific is an important growth driver for BNY Mellon. We continue to deepen our presence in the region and are optimistic of our growth prospects,” said Hani Kablawi, Chairman of International, BNY Mellon. “Fangfang’s diverse experience in financial services and fintech will be instrumental in driving our growth agenda in the region and delivering exceptional value for our clients through digitizing our operational model.”

“We are incredibly excited to welcome Fangfang to BNY Mellon. She will lead us in ensuring we are delivering a consistent, high-quality experience to our clients in the region while expanding and enhancing the local custody and fund services capabilities we offer to leading asset managers and asset owners across Asia Pacific, building on our reputation for quality client service and innovative digital- and data-driven solutions,” said Roman Regelman, CEO of Asset Servicing and Head of Digital, BNY Mellon.

Fangfang brings a wealth of financial services and consulting experience to the company, including 12 years at State Street, where she held numerous leadership roles in the US, China and in Hong Kong. Her last role at State Street was Chief Operating Officer for Asia Pacific, where she oversaw operations across multiple businesses in the region.

Fangfang will join us from Algorand Foundation, a financial technology start-up involved in the development of an innovative, enterprise-scale public blockchain technology that enables frictionless finance. As the Chief Operating Officer and a founding member of Algorand, Fangfang oversaw strategy, ecosystem partnerships, business incubation, and global community development. This unique experience will prove invaluable as BNY Mellon continues on its digital transformation journey.

Fangfang succeeds David Cruikshank, who announced his retirement from the company as Asia Pacific Chairman earlier this year. Rohan Singh, who has served as Asia Pacific Head of Asset Servicing since 2017, has taken on a new global role as Head of Asset Owners at BNY Mellon.

BNY Mellon has been servicing clients in Asia Pacific for more than 100 years. We have been one of the first U.S. financial institutions to invest in the region’s vast potential. Today, we have approximately 15,000 employees in the region and maintain extensive operations in 17 locations.

ABOUT BNY MELLON

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Sept. 30, 2020, BNY Mellon had $38.6 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.0 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.