The Clearing House to Add 50 New Positions in Winston-Salem, NC
TCH seeking highly skilled workers to help standup and support new and existing payment systems.
For Immediate Release: 
Date: April 12, 2018
Contact: Sean Oblack, 202.649.4629 
press@theclearinghouse.org 
Winston-Salem, NC – Today, The Clearing House (TCH) announced it is recruiting for approximately 50 highly-skilled positions for its Winston-Salem facility to help develop and operate its core payment systems. The Clearing House provides U.S. financial institutions with clearing and settlement services for ACH, wire, checks and real-time payments. It is the private-sector alternative to the Federal Reserve’s payments systems.
“The Clearing House has been a member of the Winston-Salem community since we opened our North Carolina facility a decade ago. We are proud of our presence here, see the Piedmont Triad as a superb environment in which to operate and our employees find the area to be a great place to live and work,” said Jim Aramanda, TCH President and CEO. “We are also confident that North Carolina’s tremendous university system, the presence of a robust financial services industry and a pro-growth economic landscape create an environment well-suited for us to recruit the quality candidates that we need to succeed in our mission of payments system innovation and operation.”
TCH dates back more than 160 years, providing industrial strength payments systems to the financial services industry and continues to be at the forefront of payments innovation in the U.S. Last November, TCH launched RTP®, the first payments system to be built in the U.S. since the birth of the internet. RTP® provides for real-time clearing and settling of payments and is designed to support every bank and credit union in the country.
The open positions at TCH will principally be in the Technology and Operations area including: quality control testing, change and release management, software development, software engineering, project management, and operations support.   
 
Open positions are posted on The Clearing House’s website (www.theclearinghouse.org/about/careers) and include descriptions of the qualifications required, qualifications desired, essential functions and responsibilities. The Clearing House is an equal-opportunity employer.
-30-
About The Clearing House. The Clearing House is a banking association and payments company that is owned by the largest commercial banks and dates back to 1853. The Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C. owns and operates core payments system infrastructure in the United States and is currently working to modernize that infrastructure with a new, ubiquitous, real-time payment system. The Payments Company is the only private-sector ACH and wire operator in the United States, clearing and settling nearly $2 trillion in U.S. dollar payments each day, representing half of all commercial ACH and wire volume. Its affiliate, The Clearing House Association L.L.C., is a nonpartisan organization that engages in research, analysis, advocacy and litigation focused on financial regulation that supports a safe, sound and competitive banking system.