FSSI, an industry-leading document outsourcing specialist, proudly announced the successful completion of its annual SOC 2 audit with zero exceptions in all locations.
Continuing a 15-plus year commitment to superior security standards, FSSI met or exceeded the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) security requirements in its Santa Ana, California and Coppell, Texas, locations by employing advanced technologies and practices to maintain the safety and integrity of client information.
Passing with “zero exceptions” means that FSSI had no deviations in the key processes and workflows related to Service Organization Control (SOC) compliance in the required timeframe – and signifies 100% overall compliance with the AICPA attestation standards of the SSAE-18 Type II examination.
“We’re committed to maintaining the gold standard for process control, data security and business continuity, always re-investing in our infrastructure and evaluating processes to ensure our clients can rely on us for their critical customer communications.”
Jennifer Dietz FSSI President and CEO
In the past year, this has included contracting with a nationally-recognized cyber security monitoring company and adding additional DAST and SAST tools.
The in-depth and rigorous audit also confirms that there was effective management of FSSI’s third-party vendor relationships, with the same high-level standard of controls and oversight of applicable operations and activities.
FSSI’s commitment to security and process controls provides clients in highly-regulated industries with documentable assurance that their confidential customer data is being handled in accordance with strict industry standards – and demonstrates the same rigorous quality and security standards across the entire organization.
    About FSSI
FSSI is an employee owned, WBE-certified document outsourcing company that helps businesses maximize their impact and strategic value through highly customizable print-mail and digital communication solutions. Serving the financial, insurance, healthcare and other regulated industries, FSSI is well-versed in the security and data practices necessary to handle confidential customer information and remain compliant. Learn more about FSSI's capabilities by visiting fssi-ca.com. For business opportunities, please contact FSSI's Chief Revenue Officer, Dan Palmquist, at 714.436.3300 or .