Wealth Data Solutions
Terrapin Technologies provides data and reporting solutions for wealth management firms. See the big picture, increase profits, and reduce risk.
Data
Every wealth management firm has financial activity and account data at their disposal. But not every organization leverages that data to create a complete picture of the business, increase revenue, track goals, and maximize efficiency. Terrapin Technologies provides comprehensive aggregation, automation, and management for all your data — whether brokerage or held away assets. With our automated aggregation solution, manual processes are reduced and leadership can see the big picture — a global view of a their business.
Compensation
Automate incentive compensation management processes for efficiency, accuracy, and visibility. Our compensation and commission accounting tools are flexible and configurable and simplifies advisor comp planning and administration. Tracking, calculating, and paying commissions is easy regardless of the uniqueness or complexity of a firm’s compensation program.
Compensation
Automate incentive compensation management processes for efficiency, accuracy, and visibility. Our compensation and commission accounting tools are flexible and configurable and simplifies advisor comp planning and administration. Tracking, calculating, and paying commissions is easy regardless of the uniqueness or complexity of a firm’s compensation program.
Reporting
We turn your data into actionable information helping you make informed data-driven business decisions faster, earlier, and with confidence. Drive growth and increase sales productivity with analytics and performance insights, while reducing operational costs. Our reporting tools delivers business intelligence and analytics, providing a comprehensive outlook of the organization.
Compliance
Now, more than ever, you need a strong technology partner to navigate the new rules and regulations and the rapid pace of change in all aspects of your organization. We continually upgrade our compliance solutions to ensure our customers remain compliant with the financial industry’s rules and regulations. From AML to KYC compliance, we are there to make sure regulatory requirements are met.
Compliance
Now, more than ever, you need a strong technology partner to navigate the new rules and regulations and the rapid pace of change in all aspects of your organization. We continually upgrade our compliance solutions to ensure our customers remain compliant with the financial industry’s rules and regulations. From AML to KYC compliance, we are there to make sure regulatory requirements are met.
Start exceeding your business goals
Automate manual and redundant processes
Streamline operations and accounting
Increase enterprise-wide visibility
Our digital platform is designed to automate and improve business processes across the entire firm, including compensation, compliance, and reporting. The web-based technology helps wealth management firms increase productivity and operational efficiency, maintain compliance, and make data-driven business decisions.
Discover how we help wealth management firms increase operational efficiency and reduce risk.
Recent Resources
Top Broker-Dealer Compensation Software Features
Search for compensation management software, and you will find no shortage of “top tools” lists. Most are built around sales teams or generic incentive compensation use cases, which rarely reflect the realities of broker-dealers and other commission-based wealth...
Third-Party Risk Is More Than a Vendor Checklist
For many wealth management firms, third-party risk still feels like a defined and manageable exercise. You maintain a list of vendors, complete due diligence reviews, document contracts, and revisit those relationships periodically. On paper, it creates a sense of...
Terrapin Technologies Sponsors Kehrer Group’s 2026 Annual Industry Checkup
Announcing: Terrapin Technologies Sponsors Kehrer Group’s 2025/2026 Annual Industry Checkup. Minneapolis, M.N. – March 2, 2026: Terrapin Technologies is proud to once again sponsor the Kehrer Group's Annual Industry Checkup, a widely respected study tracking the...