What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon's New SmartPay Global℠ Offers Payment Capabilities in Over 160 Countries

NEW YORK

NEW YORK, Feb. 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- BNY Mellon today announced the launch of SmartPay Global℠, a foreign exchange (FX) and multi-currency service that allows seamless payments in more than 160 countries from a single US or UK-domiciled account.

SmartPay Global℠ offers two main services:

FX Payments and Receipts: Enables participants to utilize a single BNY Mellon account to make a payment in more than 125 currencies or receive a payment in more than 40 currencies.

Global Payments and Receipts: Allows users to make and receive payments in the local currency of their BNY Mellon account, with accounts available in more than 40 countries.

Financial institutions with global payment requirements can use SmartPay Global℠ to access BNY Mellon's existing FX and multi-currency payment solutions, with minimal onboarding and integration.

The service enables users to offer an expanded selection of currencies to their clients and provides a range of customizable options for applying FX rates and tiers to their clients' payments and receipts. As a result, participants can utilize SmartPay Global℠ to offer clients differentiated FX payment pricing.

In addition, SmartPay Global℠ enables users to offer FX and multi-currency payments to their clients without concerns about losing control of the relationship to a third party.

"The seamless cross-border payment experience of SmartPay Global℠ stays true to our overall vision of delivering a trusted, safe, and simple payment experience to clients," said Paul Camp, Chief Executive Officer, BNY Mellon Treasury Services. "SmartPay Global℠ provides our clients with access to a simple yet highly customizable payment solution that can meet the needs of their clients, while underpinned by BNY Mellon's leading payment technology."

"FX markets are constantly evolving – and so are we. SmartPay Global℠ is an example of how our investment in FX platforms are delivering world class payments solutions to our clients," said Ed McGann, Head of FX Overlay and FX Payments, BNY Mellon Markets. "The partnership between Markets and Treasury Services enables us to meet the needs of our clients through integrated FX and payments capabilities in a seamless and efficient manner."

For more information about SmartPay Global℠, please visit our website.

About BNY Mellon Treasury ServicesBNY Mellon Treasury Services offers its clients solutions in global payments, trade services, cash management, and foreign exchange. It operates in 36 countries, helping clients optimize cash flow, manage liquidity, and make payments more efficiently in the currencies of more than 160 countries. Its services help organizations conduct payment operations, ensure adequate liquidity, and manage risk.

About BNY Mellon MarketsBNY Mellon Markets helps clients access capital, financing and liquidity through a suite of foreign exchange, securities finance, collateral management and segregation, capital markets, liquidity and prime brokerage services. This unique combination of solutions helps our clients navigate the financial markets and face the challenges of evolving regulations, increasing capital constraints, liquidity concerns and the growing demand for transparency.

About BNY MellonBNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of December 31, 2018, BNY Mellon had $33.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.7 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

Contact: Peter Gau +1 212 815 2754 peter.gau@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.