What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon chooses ALTO* Investment Compliance from Amundi Technology to support its Global Securities Services and Digital Operations

NEW YORK and PARIS

BNY Mellon and Amundi announce that BNY Mellon has chosen Amundi Technology and the ALTO* platform to ensure trustee controls and compliance monitoring for Depositary and Fund Administration duties. The solution will be deployed into BNY Mellon global operations.

ALTO* Investment Compliance is a component of the ALTO* Asset Servicing offering dedicated to custodians and administrators within the global ALTO* Investment framework. It provides a powerful and flexible open-source, private cloud-based technology and covers the entire trustee control value chain, including:

Flexible rule coding interfaces (regulatory, prospectus or client-specific constraints),

Interactive breach management,

360° oversight dashboards and compliance reporting factory

The solution offered by Amundi Technology uses core components of the ALTO* platform to address Front to Back needs of Asset Managers and Asset Servicers. Both will benefit from the solutions’ latest innovations and a continuous focus on service delivery.

Guillaume Lesage, Chief Operating Officer of Amundi, said, “We are delighted to deploy the ALTO* Investment Compliance solution to BNY Mellon. The solution benefits from new developments on the ALTO* Platform, which together bring innovative and flexible solutions across BNY Mellon global Asset Servicing & Digital infrastructure. This agreement strengthens our transatlantic alliance with BNY Mellon to deliver together fresh, efficient and innovative Front to Back technology solutions to our industry.”

Roman Regelman, CEO of Asset Servicing and Head of Digital at BNY Mellon, said, “We are very excited to expand our strategic alliance with Amundi to bring best-in class capabilities in service of our clients. This agreement advances BNY Mellon’s global digital strategy as a leader in providing client-centric solutions with best-in-class partners. The deepening integration with Amundi Technology and the ALTO* platform will help to improve our service experience across the investment lifecycle and allow us to deliver even greater front to back operational efficiencies for clients.”

About BNY Mellon BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2021, BNY Mellon had $46.7 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.4 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

About AmundiAmundi, the leading European asset manager, ranking among the top 10 global players , offers its 100 million clients - retail, institutional and corporate - a complete range of savings and investment solutions in active and passive management, in traditional or real assets.

With its six international investment hubs , financial and extra-financial research capabilities and long-standing commitment to responsible investment, Amundi is a key player in the asset management landscape.

Amundi clients benefit from the expertise and advice of 4,800 employees in more than 35 countries. A subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole group and listed on the stock exchange, Amundi currently manages more than €1.8 trillion of assets .

*Amundi Leading Technologies & Operations

Media Contact

BNY MellonPaul Patella +1 212 635 1378paul.patella@bnymellon.com

Amundi Jaïs Mehaji +44 20 7190 2042jais.mehaji@amundi.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.