What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

An ‘easy solution’ to launching ETFs in Europe?

By Scott Coey

Historically, asset managers have had two ways to launch an ETF – either fully independently, with all of the costs, risks, and time involved, or partnering with an existing ETF sponsor that may already have some of the infrastructure in place. Nevertheless, neither route could be considered to be particularly easy. In recent years, a third option has arisen and attracted industry interest: an ETF platform.

In this blog series, we'll examine the merits of multiple options for launching an ETF and begin by looking at ETF platforms and why they have risen in popularity recently.

Why ETF Platforms?

Platforms promise to lower the complexities and costs associated with launching an ETF on your own by outsourcing services such as fund incorporation, operational support, compliance, sales, marketing, and distribution. It’s the very opposite of “Do-It-Yourself” by offering a ready-made support model into which managers can slot their own particular strategy. This approach is proving to be timely as more and more managers, largely from the realm of active management, are taking the plunge into the exchange-traded world while minimizing their investment risk.

Europe’s fragmented, multi-exchange, multi-domicile structure continues to be a challenge for asset managers looking to break through and platforms offered by third parties can help them navigate.

These ‘white label’ platforms offer a common infrastructure along with bespoke branding and delivery. This way firms can efficiently launch ETFs, reducing costs and risk while increasing speed to market.

ETF platforms can be particularly attractive for two types of clients. There are the smaller shops offering bespoke or unique strategies. Take for example, cryptocurrency or millennial-themed ETFs – they are usually long on ideas and short on resources, so a ready-made funds platform can offer a launch pad to quickly get their strategy out to as wide an audience as possible. Then there are the bigger, more traditional firms that may face internal resistance to launching an ETF as part of the core offering, perhaps because they are better known as active managers or there is a need to insulate the ETF from other offerings. For these firms, it can be attractive to separate new ETF products from the rest of their business through a platform.

The bottom line is that choosing the most efficient path of entry to the market must be weighed against the asset manager’s long term ETF strategy. Launching your own homegrown fund umbrella involves a deeper commitment in both capital and time but provides the asset manager with long term control and discretion.

Regardless of launch path, BNY Mellon’s experienced team is positioned to consult asset managers on launch strategy, distribution, operating company set-up, back- and middle-office set-up, and how to best integrate ETFs – either by leveraging third-party platforms or incorporating into existing portfolio management workflows. Contact us to learn how we can help you design, build, manage, and grow your ETF.

Media Contact:

Bruce Wraight +44 (0)20 7163 4716 +44 (0)7834 289638 (mobile)bruce.wraight@bnymellon.com

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.