SEOUL, May 11, 2020 — BNY Mellon, a global leader in investment management and investment services, has appointed Hyon Joo Park as country executive for Korea. Park succeeds Sang Don Ji, who will be retiring on May 31, following three years of distinguished service with BNY Mellon.
In her role as country executive, she will lead the team to grow BNY Mellon’s local services and capabilities across all businesses in Korea. Park will report to David Cruikshank, BNY Mellon’s Chairman of Asia Pacific, and will be based in Seoul.
Park has more than 25 years of financial industry experience and has held a range of leadership positions at top-tier global financial institutions.
She brings to BNY Mellon a strong background in relationship management and the formulation of regional business and client strategies, in addition to a wealth of experience in the transaction banking and commercial banking segments.
Outside Korea, Park has also been based in London and Hong Kong, helping her to develop a global mindset that will benefit BNY Mellon greatly in its position as a global financial business with a growing presence in Asia Pacific.
“Korea is a strategic market for BNY Mellon,” said Cruikshank. “With a presence in the country spanning more than 30 years, we have developed an immensely successful business servicing our institutional clients, and we continue to see opportunities to further expand our local capabilities in the years ahead.”
Cruikshank added: “Park will be at the heart of further enhancing our growth, with the depth and breadth of her financial services experience and understanding of Korean clients’ needs. With her diverse background and strong credentials, Park is exceptionally well-placed to take BNY Mellon’s business in Korea to new heights and deliver service that is second to none for our clients.”
BNY Mellon has been servicing clients in Asia Pacific for more than 100 years, having first opened its Seoul branch office in 1988. Launching Corporate Trust services for Korea’s offshore sovereign securities in 1991, BNY Mellon was the sponsor of Korea’s first American Depositary Receipt in 1994 and Collateral Management agent for the first tri-party equity financing trade in Korea in 2008. BNY Mellon provides comprehensive financial services to the Korean institutional and wholesale marketplace, including securities servicing, asset management, corporate trust, treasury services, depositary receipts and other investment solutions. In 2015, BNY Mellon acted as trustee for Korea’s first covered bond issuance under the Covered Bond Act in Korea and subsequently in 2016, received the All Asset Trust License status in Korea to provide trustee services for the domestic market expanding its international services to Korean clients. In 2019, BNY Mellon opened a new representative office in Jeonju, Korea to broaden its reach and serve clients better.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of March 31, 2020, BNY Mellon had $35.2 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.