ESL Federal Credit Union Joins the RTP® Network, TCH’s Real-Time Payments System
New York City & Rochester, NY, December 17, 2020 – ESL Federal Credit Union, a full-service financial institution serving more than 374,000 members and 11,400 businesses, is live on the RTP® network developed by The Clearing House (TCH). With the RTP network, ESL will deliver to its customers the most modern payments infrastructure in the world, enabling consumers and businesses to receive payments immediately while also providing for advanced messaging capabilities.
ESL has joined the RTP network via BNY Mellon, a market leader in helping firms speed their conversion to digital payments solutions. BNY Mellon is providing the connectivity to the RTP network, while Levvel, a payments technology consulting firm, also has helped ESL prepare its systems to offer real-time payments to its customers.
Levvel’s deep history and experience in the payments space created a natural synergy with BNY Mellon and The Clearing House. Since the launch of the RTP network in 2017, Levvel has played a considerable role helping The Clearing House drive market adoption by serving as a system integrator for financial institutions, such as ESL, and fintechs alike. Levvel, a business and technology consulting firm headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., has deep banking expertise that extends well beyond payments.
“We are excited to have joined the RTP network,” said Tina Knapp, Vice President/Director, Payments and Service Support, ESL Federal Credit Union. “Our customers depend on us to provide banking capabilities in a cost effective way, and this first phase that allows our personal and business banking customers to receive and settle payments immediately will be a significant, positive enhancement. We look forward to working with BNY Mellon and TCH to complete the second phase of allowing our customers to send real-time payments in the future.”
“We are very pleased to facilitate ESL’s conversion to the RTP network,” said Mike Bellacosa, Global Head of Payments and Transaction Services, BNY Mellon. “This is yet another exciting example of how we are facilitating innovative solutions that help clients optimize payment processes, reduce processing costs, and speed payment delivery and transparency.”
The RTP network, developed by The Clearing House, is the first new payments infrastructure built in the U.S. in more than 40 years and is empowering financial institutions and businesses to implement innovative, value-added use cases for faster payments. The RTP network gives the banking industry a modern platform for 24/7 domestic real-time payments, complete with rich data capabilities and immediate payment confirmation. The network enables instantaneous settlement and availability, so funds can be used or withdrawn as cash within seconds.
“It’s always rewarding to help great partners such as ESL bring innovative solutions to their customers,” said Scott Harkey, Chief Strategy Officer and Global Head of Financial Services and Payments, Levvel. “The entire banking ecosystem is going through a considerable technological evolution and this is a great illustration of ESL’s willingness to not only embrace that change but to be an industry leader.”
The RTP network’s real-time payment capabilities reach 57% of U.S. demand deposit accounts, with more financial institutions joining the network each week. Moreover, FIs that hold 70% of U.S. DDAs have technical access to the RTP network, often through core banking technology providers. The RTP network offers a flat pricing structure for all depository institutions regardless of size, does not include volume discounts or have minimum volume requirements, and, unlike ACH, does not charge an operator fee to receive payments.
“ESL Federal Credit Union’s addition to the RTP network is another example of how technology providers, such as BNY Mellon and Levvel, are helping the real-time payments ecosystem to grow,” said Keith Gray, Vice President, Strategic Partnerships, at The Clearing House. “BNY Mellon and Levvel’s technology and expertise are very helpful when it comes to bringing community financial institutions of all sizes onto the RTP network. By joining the RTP network, ESL can provide the speed and efficiency of real-time payments that will significantly benefit their customers.”
###
About ESL Federal Credit Union
With 100 years of locally-owned history, ESL Federal Credit Union serves as a full-service financial institution to more than 374,000 members and 11,400 businesses. Founded in 1920, the company provides personal banking, business banking, mortgage services and wealth management services through its locally-based 22 branch network, telephone, mobile, online and live chat center.
The Rochester-based financial institution employs more than 860 people in in the Greater Rochester area and holds more than $8 billion in assets. Since 1996, ESL has paid out 25 consecutive Owners’ Dividends to its members totaling more than $170 million. The company has appeared on the Great Place to Work® Best Small & Medium Workplaces list for 10 years since 2010. ESL Federal Credit Union is headquartered at 225 Chestnut Street, in Rochester, and can be found online at www.esl.org
About Levvel
Levvel is a business and technology consulting firm. We help companies create great technology through human-centered problem-solving that is rooted in deep industry expertise. Whether you are reinventing your company, creating an industry-changing product, or making existing products even better with new technologies—we exist to make your endeavor a success story.
Levvel sits at the crossroads of strategic insight and the ability to design, build, and implement research-driven solutions. Our teams bring the gamut of business domain knowledge, design prowess, and technical expertise to create success for your business across the entire project lifecycle. Learn more at www.levvel.io.
About The Clearing House
The Clearing House operates U.S-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and the RTP® network. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. Most recently, The Clearing House has revolutionized U.S. payments infrastructure with the RTP network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contacts
Rich Pulvino
ESL Federal Credit Union
585.313.8795
rpulvino@esl.org 
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House
212.612.9282
gregory.macsweeney@theclearinghouse.org
Michael Aprile
Levvel
980.278.3065
pr@levvel.io