What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appoints Hyon Joo Park as Country Executive for Korea

SEOUL, May 11, 2020 — BNY Mellon, a global leader in investment management and investment services, has appointed Hyon Joo Park as country executive for Korea. Park succeeds Sang Don Ji, who will be retiring on May 31, following three years of distinguished service with BNY Mellon.

In her role as country executive, she will lead the team to grow BNY Mellon’s local services and capabilities across all businesses in Korea. Park will report to David Cruikshank, BNY Mellon’s Chairman of Asia Pacific, and will be based in Seoul.

Park has more than 25 years of financial industry experience and has held a range of leadership positions at top-tier global financial institutions.

She brings to BNY Mellon a strong background in relationship management and the formulation of regional business and client strategies, in addition to a wealth of experience in the transaction banking and commercial banking segments.

Outside Korea, Park has also been based in London and Hong Kong, helping her to develop a global mindset that will benefit BNY Mellon greatly in its position as a global financial business with a growing presence in Asia Pacific.

“Korea is a strategic market for BNY Mellon,” said Cruikshank. “With a presence in the country spanning more than 30 years, we have developed an immensely successful business servicing our institutional clients, and we continue to see opportunities to further expand our local capabilities in the years ahead.”

Cruikshank added: “Park will be at the heart of further enhancing our growth, with the depth and breadth of her financial services experience and understanding of Korean clients’ needs. With her diverse background and strong credentials, Park is exceptionally well-placed to take BNY Mellon’s business in Korea to new heights and deliver service that is second to none for our clients.”

BNY Mellon has been servicing clients in Asia Pacific for more than 100 years, having first opened its Seoul branch office in 1988. Launching Corporate Trust services for Korea’s offshore sovereign securities in 1991, BNY Mellon was the sponsor of Korea’s first American Depositary Receipt in 1994 and Collateral Management agent for the first tri-party equity financing trade in Korea in 2008. BNY Mellon provides comprehensive financial services to the Korean institutional and wholesale marketplace, including securities servicing, asset management, corporate trust, treasury services, depositary receipts and other investment solutions. In 2015, BNY Mellon acted as trustee for Korea’s first covered bond issuance under the Covered Bond Act in Korea and subsequently in 2016, received the All Asset Trust License status in Korea to provide trustee services for the domestic market expanding its international services to Korean clients. In 2019, BNY Mellon opened a new representative office in Jeonju, Korea to broaden its reach and serve clients better.

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of March 31, 2020, BNY Mellon had $35.2 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.