FSSI, an industry-leading document outsourcing company, announced the successful completion of its annual SOC 2 audit in all locations, continuing a long-standing commitment to superior security standards. For 15 years, FSSI has met or exceeded the AICPA requirements with comprehensive security processes and continual reinvestment in its infrastructure to meet evolving data security and privacy requirements.
Passing with “zero exceptions” signifies 100% compliance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) attestation standards of the SSAE-18 Type II examination – with no deviations in the key processes and workflows related to Service Organization Control (SOC) compliance. The audit was performed at both FSSI locations – Santa Ana, California, and Coppell, Texas – demonstrating the same rigorous quality and security standards across the entire organization.
“Successful completion of the annual SOC audit is a leading benchmark and credential that reinforces our commitment to data security and integrity – a responsibility we take very seriously,” said FSSI President and CEO Jennifer Dietz. “We continually strive to improve security controls and quality standards to deliver best-in-class services to clients that rely on us for their critical customer communications.”
The SSAE-18 SOC 2 Type II examination provides clients in highly-regulated industries with documentable assurance that their confidential customer data is handled in accordance with strict industry standards.
- The SOC 2 report examines the areas of security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality and privacy
- Successful completion affirms FSSI’s commitment to preserving the security and privacy of client data and ensures that internal controls effectively safeguard sensitive information
To securely manage data and protect the privacy of clients, FSSI has redundant, state-of-the-art Storage Area Network (SAN) systems and VMWare software in both Santa Ana and Coppell with replication of all production and application data, in addition to leading-edge security protocols, in-depth workflow tracking and comprehensive backup and recovery.
    About FSSI
FSSI is an employee owned, WBE-certified document outsourcing company that helps businesses maximize their impact and strategic value through highly customizable print-mail and digital communication solutions. Serving the financial, insurance, healthcare and other regulated industries, FSSI is well-versed in the security and data practices necessary to handle confidential customer information and remain compliant. Learn more about FSSI's capabilities by visiting fssi-ca.com. For business opportunities, please contact FSSI's Chief Revenue Officer, Dan Palmquist, at 714.436.3300 or .