The Banker today recognized BNY Mellon with four awards for the firm’s innovative work to streamline and transform transaction processes over the year. The awards include 2022 Global Transaction Bank of the Year, Transaction Bank of the Year for North America, as well as top honors for Payments and for Trade Finance.
“Banks are expected to deliver faster, smarter, more transparent and convenient transactions,” said Jennifer Barker, CEO, BNY Mellon Treasury Services. “This recognition shows that BNY Mellon is meeting this expectation head on, as well as differentiating ourselves as an unconflicted and client-centric provider. We have ramped up our investment into the future of transaction banking, enhancing traditional rails and leveraging new industry initiatives and emerging technologies so that clients have the tools needed to manage their payments and working capital effectively in today’s fast-changing, complex landscape.”
Treasury Services received honors in the payments category for the second straight year for its ongoing work to transform the real-time and digital payments space. In May 2021, BNY Mellon launched the first-of-its-kind real-time electronic bill (e-bill) and payment solution. In July, the firm announced that it was the first US bank to support SWIFT Go, a new service for low-value cross-border payments.
The firm was also recognized for its efforts to optimize the trade finance space, which includes leveraging emerging technologies, and joining the Marco Polo Network, which facilitates the seamless, secure and fast exchange of trade data.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2022, BNY Mellon had $43 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.9 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
Learn more about Treasury Services or email us at treasury@bnymellon.com.
Media Contact: 
  Nina Truman
  BNY Mellon
nina.truman@bnymellon.com
  +1 646 541 6713