What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

Amundi US Names BNY Mellon as Fund Service Provider

Amundi US, the US business of Amundi, one of the world’s ten largest asset managers,1 today announced that BNY Mellon, the world’s largest global asset servicer, has been selected to provide custody, fund accounting and administration and transfer agency services for the Pioneer Funds, which are managed by Amundi US.

Consolidating core fund services across the BNY Mellon platform is expected to result in operating efficiencies for the Pioneer Funds. BNY Mellon was selected following a detailed review of fund services available in the marketplace.

The Pioneer Funds and Amundi US will also benefit from the previously announced strategic alliance involving Amundi’s ALTO* portfolio management technology platform and the BNY Mellon OMNISM asset servicing platform.

Lisa Jones, Chief Executive Officer of Amundi US, said, “The Pioneer Funds selected BNY Mellon as the sole provider across core fund services in recognition of the benefits to fund shareholders. This partnership also will allow Amundi US to better leverage the innovative resources that our recently announced global alliance can bring to our US operation. Our multi-faceted alliance with BNY Mellon will have benefits across the entire organization, from the operating efficiencies benefitting Pioneer Funds’ shareholders to new, industry-leading technology tools and data insights benefitting our portfolio managers.”

Roman Regelman, Chief Executive Officer of Asset Servicing and Head of Digital at BNY Mellon, said, “We are delighted BNY Mellon has been selected by Amundi US and the Pioneer Funds to meet their comprehensive service needs. Amundi US is a sophisticated client with complex needs looking to provide the best services for fund shareholders, and we are confident that we can provide the right solution while delivering flexibility and choice through our OMNI platform.”

Fund services for the Pioneer Funds will transition to BNY Mellon during the remainder of 2021.

About Amundi US

Amundi US is the US business of Amundi, Europe’s largest asset manager by assets under management and ranked among the ten largest globally1. Boston is one of Amundi’s six main global investment hubs2 and offers a broad range of fixed-income, equity, and multi-asset investment solutions in close partnership with wealth management firms, distribution platforms, and institutional investors across the Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.

With our financial and extra-financial research capabilities and long-standing commitment to responsible investment, Amundi is a key player in the asset management landscape. Amundi clients benefit from the expertise and advice of 4,500 employees in nearly 40 countries. A subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole group and listed on the Paris stock exchange, Amundi currently manages approximately $2.1 trillion of assets3.

1. Source: IPE “Top 500 Asset Managers” published in June 2020, based on assets under management as of 12/31/2019

2. Boston, Dublin, London, Milan, Paris, and Tokyo

3. Amundi data as of 12/31/2020

* Amundi Leading Technologies & Operations

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2020, BNY Mellon had $41.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $2.2 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.