Senior Vice President, Full-Stack Engineer

Senior Vice President, Full Stack Developer At BNY, our culture allows us to run our company better and enables employees’ growth and success. As a leading global financial services company at the heart of the global financial system, we influence nearly 20% of the world’s investible assets. Every day, our teams harness cutting-edge AI and breakthrough technologies to collaborate with clients, driving transformative solutions that redefine industries and uplift communities worldwide. Recognized as a top destination for innovators, BNY is where bold ideas meet advanced technology and exceptional talent. Together, we power the future of finance – and this is what #LifeAtBNY is all about. Join us and be part of something extraordinary. We’re seeking a future team member for the role of Senior Vice President, Full Stack Developer to join our platform group. This role is located in Pune. In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Drive the design, development, and delivery of critical product features across multiple domains, focusing on reliability, performance, security, and regulatory compliance. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to translate architectural vision and product roadmaps into scalable, high-quality software solutions. Lead platform modernization, scaling, and re-architecture initiatives that enable transformational product improvements. Provide expert-level hands-on development using Java (Spring Boot), Python, and modern front-end frameworks such as Angular and ReactJs. Directly engage in coding and technical problem-solving to advance modernization efforts and platform scalability. Influence technical direction and architectural decisions through deep technical expertise and practical implementation. Champion engineering best practices, including reactive/non-blocking programming and contract-first API design, while continuously evaluating emerging technologies for potential integration. Act as a technical mentor by sharing knowledge and elevating the skills of peers through collaboration and leading by example, fostering a culture of continuous learning and excellence. Contribute thought leadership to shape the team’s engineering standards and technical vision. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; advanced degree a plus. 14+ years of experience in software engineering with deep expertise in full‑stack development and proficiency in architecture. Strong expertise in Java, Python, SQL, Oracle, Snowflake, Angular, and ReactJs. Experience with cloud platforms, containers, and microservices architecture. Experience with emerging technologies, including GenAI integration. Experience with implementation of Machine Learning models for enterprise applications. Fluency in performance, scalability, resiliency, and security tradeoffs. Proven track record delivering large‑scale, high‑impact products in complex environments. Exceptional communication skills — able to articulate technical concepts to all audiences. Experience in implementing large scale enterprise applications. Demonstrated leadership, mentorship, and ability to influence across multiple teams. At BNY, our culture speaks for itself, check out the latest BNY news at: BNY NewsroomBNY LinkedIn Here’s a few of our recent awards: America’s Most Innovative Companies, Fortune, 2025 World’s Most Admired Companies, Fortune 2025 “Most Just Companies”, Just Capital and CNBC, 2025 Our Benefits and Rewards: BNY offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves, including paid volunteer time, that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.  
