BNY Mellon has been named the Best Bank for Payments and Collections in the Global Finance Treasury and Cash Management Awards 2023, recognizing the bank’s commitment to serving Treasury Services clients with innovative, future-facing capabilities, while remaining a robust and reliable payments and collections provider in times of global uncertainty. The bank was awarded the title in both the Global and North America categories.
Isabel Schmidt, Co-Head of Global Payments Products, BNY Mellon Treasury Services, said: “It is an honor to be recognized as the top bank for payments and collections. The recognition demonstrates our team’s hard work over the last year in creating substantial change – both in pushing for industry transformation by joining forces with the various industry players and in embracing innovative technology to enhance our internal processes. It is this unwavering commitment to delivering a global offering, with innovative treasury services capabilities, that allows us to provide the best possible service for our clients.”
The award highlights BNY Mellon’s efforts toward enabling instant and frictionless cross-border payments for clients, including being the first U.S. bank to go live with Swift Go, a pilot participant in the Immediate Cross-Border (IXB) initiative and leading the way for the ISO 20022 migration. The award also recognizes the bank’s robust risk management approach, including its best-in-class Account and Payment Validation Services.
Carl Slabicki, Co-Head of Global Payments, BNY Mellon Treasury Services, said: “As the world moves towards a real-time, automated operating model, our comprehensive suite of solutions are playing a central role in expediting our clients’ digital journeys. Our Banking as a Service (BaaS) framework, for example, allows our clients to leverage the latest innovations in digital payments that would otherwise require extensive investment to build themselves – allowing them to focus on their core offerings and provide more value to their customers.”
The Global Finance Treasury and Cash Management Awards – now in their 23rd year – celebrate the best providers of treasury and cash management systems and services in 71 participating countries across seven global regions. The publication also recently named BNY Mellon Treasury Services Best Global Trade Finance Provider 2023 for its commitment to providing innovative, best-in-class trade finance capabilities. Read the story here.