NEW YORK, Feb. 5, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- BNY Mellon announced today that Paul Camp, Chief Executive Officer, Treasury Services, has been appointed to the Executive Committee, the company's senior-most governing body. Mr. Camp will continue to report to Todd Gibbons, Chief Executive Officer, Clearing, Markets and Client Management.
"Paul's leadership will be key in driving innovation in Treasury Services, an important business for BNY Mellon and our future growth.  Paul is a strategic thinker and change agent who is passionate about improving our company. His experience across a broad array of businesses will make him a valuable addition to our Executive Committee as we continue to focus on organic growth and evolve BNY Mellon's capabilities to better serve our clients," Charlie Scharf, chairman and chief executive officer of BNY Mellon, said.
Prior to joining BNY Mellon in August 2018, Paul led global teams across Cash Management, Trade Finance and Commercial Payments for over 25 years. He joined BNY Mellon from HSBC Bank PLC, where he played a key role in the business transformation and innovation effort for global liquidity and cash management. Prior to HSBC, Paul was CFO of Circle Internet Financial, and previously held senior roles at JP Morgan and Deutsche Bank.
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of December 31, 2018, BNY Mellon had $33.1 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.7 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
Contacts:
Media
Jennifer Hendricks Sullivan
  +1 212 635 1374
jennifer.h.sullivan@bnymellon.com
Analysts
Scott Freidenrich
  +1 212 635 1855
investorrelations@bnymellon.com