Global Payments & Trade API Marketplace 
				
				
					
A centralized location for accessing a suite of APIs, enabling seamless integration for your treasury and cash management needs. 
				
				 
			
Cross-border payments, simplified
Move money across borders faster, safer and smarter with BNY SmartPay Global. Built on BNY’s legacy of stability and innovation, our comprehensive cross-border payments solution seamlessly integrates payment processing, FX conversion and settlement across an extensive global network.
BNY enables a Pay-to-Wallet solution in the Asia-Pacific region, helping banks to send cross-border payments directly to retail digital wallets.
Access 100+ markets through 2,000+ correspondent banking relationships, supporting USD, EUR and GBP clearing and multicurrency accounts in 30+ currencies and FX payments in 120+ currencies.
Leverage real-time payment capabilities, including RTP® and FedNow® in the U.S.*, plus instant payment access worldwide, ensuring your funds move when and where you need them.
*Currently available for U.S.-based clients.
Reduce risk and delays with AI-powered payment and account validation services that verify data against jurisdictional requirements before and after payment submission.
Seamlessly access major clearing systems with direct USD, EUR and GBP clearing, ensuring fast, secure and transparent settlement across global markets.
Manage and transact in over 30 global currencies through dedicated multicurrency accounts, simplifying cash management and cross-border payments.
Send foreign exchange payments in more than 120 currencies and receive foreign currency payments in over 30 currencies, all through a single account.
Optimize payment speed and cost with intelligent routing across instant payment systems and local clearing networks worldwide.
Reduce errors and fraud risk with AI-powered payment and account validation that ensures compliance and accuracy before and after payment submission.
Consolidate your multicurrency accounts and payments and streamline security and compliance.
Benefit from smart routing through instant and other local rails. Swift gpi enables end-to-end tracking for faster reconciliation.
Reduce operational overhead, correspondent banking fees and transaction costs and minimize delays, returns and fraud through advanced payment validation.
As of 4Q 2025 financial results
READY TO TALK ABOUT 
WHAT'S NEXT?