TCH Reschedules CHIPS ISO 20022 Implementation to April 2024
New York – The Clearing House (TCH), responding to the recommendation of CHIPS participants, is rescheduling the CHIPS ISO 20022 implementation from November 2023 to April 2024. The decision to move to a new implementation date is influenced by similar decisions from other global payments network providers whose ISO 20022 implementation calendars precede the CHIPS migration and have also been rescheduled. The new CHIPS migration date will allow CHIPS participants to better manage the global transition to ISO 20022 payment message formats by retaining sufficient timeframes between ISO migrations. 
CHIPS is the largest private sector high-value clearing and settlement system in the world. TCH, the operator of CHIPS, remains committed to the ISO 20022 message format to enhance the efficiency of payments processing, to allow participants and end user customers to benefit from enriched data content and structured message formats, and to support the dollar as a global reserve and settlement currency. The message format conversion will therefore place CHIPS messages in the same ISO 20022 format as other global large high-value payment systems, substantially enhancing the efficiency and information content of cross-border payments. 
Financial institutions in the U.S. and around the world rely on CHIPS to clear and settle USD payments reliably and with settlement finality. CHIPS is the premier USD clearing platform for international payment activity, with approximately 95% of CHIPS payments being the USD leg of a funds transfer that begins and/or ends in another country. CHIPS, which settles an average of $1.9 trillion in payments per day on a comparatively small funding base, also has the capacity and reach to satisfy every domestic high-value payment need. 
The new migration date allows CHIPS participants to manage and absorb changes from ISO 20022 conversions in other jurisdictions, including TARGET2, EURO1, Lynx and SWIFT in March 2023, and CHAPS in June 2023.
About The Clearing House
The Clearing House operates U.S.-based payments networks that clear and settle more than $2 trillion each day through wire, ACH, check image, and real-time payments. It is the nation’s most experienced payments company, with a long track record of providing secure and reliable systems, payments innovation, and strategic thought leadership to financial institutions. In 2017, The Clearing House revolutionized U.S. payments by introducing the RTP® network, which supports the immediate clearing and settlement of payments, along with the ability to exchange related payment information across the same secure channel. These RTP capabilities enable all financial institutions to offer safer, faster, and smarter digital transaction services for their corporate and retail customers. Learn more at www.theclearinghouse.org.
Media Contact:
Greg MacSweeney
The Clearing House 
212-612-9282
Gregory.MacSweeney@theclearinghouse.org