BNY Mellon today announced that Juanita Holmes will join the company on January 7, 2019 as Global Head of Corporate Security and will be based at 240 Greenwich Street in New York.
As Global Head of Corporate Security, Ms. Holmes will be responsible for ensuring the safety and security of BNY Mellon's employees, assets and property globally.
“Juanita’s 30+ years of experience with the New York City Police Department will provide valuable security expertise to BNY Mellon and our employees,” said Kevin McCarthy, the company’s General Counsel. “We thank Juanita for her service to New York City and are excited to welcome her to the company.”
Ms. Holmes joins BNY Mellon from the New York City Police Department, where she was one of the highest ranking African American women, and most recently served as the Assistant Chief, Commanding Officer of Patrol Borough Queens North. In this role, Ms. Holmes was responsible for managing crime prevention and reduction, community concerns, quality-of-life issues and possible terrorist threats for a 51-square mile area of Queens with 1.4 million residents. Ms. Holmes also oversaw major facilities within the parameters of her command, including LaGuardia Airport, CitiField Sports Stadium, and Flushing Meadow Park, including security at the annual U.S. Open tennis tournament. Prior to her most current position, Ms. Holmes held leadership roles in the Domestic Violence Unit, Training Bureau and the 81st Precinct in Brooklyn.
Ms. Holmes holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Empire State College and attended the Columbia Business School Executive Education’s Police Management Institute.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of September 30, 2018, BNY Mellon had $34.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.