BNY Mellon announced today it has joined the Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing (SLTI) as an industry partner.
Through this long-term collaboration, BNY Mellon will work closely with the SLTI and the broader SLTI ecosystem in undertaking a series of initiatives to provide best-in-class support and guidance for asset owners. These efforts will include producing research-driven thought leadership, developing educational resources and providing networking opportunities for clients.
Major research themes in focus will include:
- Tech enablement
- Portfolio resilience
- Institutional innovation
- Data and operating models to enhance investing
Rohan Singh, Global Head of Asset Owners, Securities Services and Digital, BNY Mellon, said: “Today, asset owners are experiencing transformation like never before in the dynamic ways they engage with society and allocate for current conditions, while also planning for the future. Our collaboration with Stanford is the latest step in BNY Mellon’s ongoing effort to provide best-in-class resources and thought leadership as the role of these investors continues to evolve. It’s a privilege to be working alongside one of the world’s leading research institutions on this important work.”
Dr. Ashby Monk, Executive & Research Director, Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing, said: “The path towards a more innovative and sustainable marketplace must begin with a deeper understanding and appreciation for the role of long-term asset owners and by working closely with major financial players. We are thrilled to have BNY Mellon on board as a strategic member of our affiliate program, which will help us advance research and innovation affecting asset owners worldwide.”
Started in 2022, the SLTI is a research initiative run by Mike Lepech and Ashby Monk at Stanford University focused on studying pensions, sovereign funds, endowments, foundations and family offices to help them better achieve their objectives, while unlocking much-needed resources for critical societal projects. At its core, the SLTI believes LTIs play a critical role in achieving a more sustainable and resilient form of capitalism.
An upcoming podcast featuring the SLTI on the topic “Institutional Innovation for Asset Owners” will launch in February 2023 on BNY Asset Owner Institute – a platform sharing curated thought leadership and market insights to help asset owners stay ahead of the curve.
About BNY Mellon
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment and wealth management and investment services in 35 countries. As of Dec. 31, 2022, BNY Mellon had $44.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.
About Stanford Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing (SLTI)
SLTI is multi-disciplinary research initiative housed within the School of Engineering, in collaboration with the SDGC, the Engineering Informatics Group, the Stanford Center at the Incheon Global Campus, and the Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering.
Media Contact:
BNY Mellon
Ryan Wells
Stanford
Ashby Monk