8:40 a.m. I arrive to the office, set up my workstation at an open desk and grab a morning beverage. After my setup, I check for any new messages or emails and look at the day's schedule.
9 a.m. I have time to work on my projects and log into Learn at BNY, the company’s great digital learning platform. Additionally, interns have a lot of meetings where senior leaders and experts share details about their experiences and career paths. From Wednesday to Thursday, I join one of the teams to observe how they operate. During my time at BNY, I’ve had the opportunity to work with 12 teams within the Operations function. I’ve been able to experience what these teams do, meet awesome and engaged people and learn the importance of staying curious.
1 p.m. I work on assignments for various projects, build reports, create Power BI tables, as well as publish a weekly newsletter.
And around this time, I am ready for lunch. We have several great food options in the building and around the area. Aside from the variety, my favorite place to go is always one of the balconies to enjoy my food with a view.
“During my time at BNY, I had the opportunity to work with 12 teams across the Operations function. I’ve been able to experience so much of what these teams do, meet awesome and engaging people and learn the importance of staying curious.”
2 p.m. After lunch, I’ll spend some time with various teams. Starting with the Trade Capture team, moving on to the Middle Office team and then to various Settlements and Reconciliation teams, to name a few. This experience greatly enahnces my understanding of how BNY, financial instruments and markets operate.
The teams provide helpful descriptions of their roles and how they contribute to BNY. They demonstrate their processes and encourage us to take on new projects. To spark progress, they even create games or intern challenges to help us remember what we've learned.
5 p.m. At the end of my day at BNY, I finish my tasks, conclude my last meeting and make notes for starting the next day.
"I often participate in roundtables with senior leaders of BNY Investments and the intern cohort, hosted by analysts from the BNY Emerging Leaders Program."
"My manager has been great in scheduling meetings for me to connect with members of the team which has been useful to piece together the purpose of different roles."
"Bi-weekly, I meet up with my peer mentor. It’s a great opportunity to get advice from a young professional who previously went through the intern program at BNY."
"If I find myself stuck on how to progress in my project, during the afternoon I make use of Learn at BNY to find courses related to my project."
"I have meetings with other BNY interns to collaborate on group and individual projects together. We share ideas and give each other constructive feedback."