Warehouse Clerk

Opening its doors over 45 years ago, FSSI is a leading document outsourcing company servicing Fortune 500 companies in the financial, banking, insurance and billing industries across the U.S.

FSSI is currently seeking a Warehouse Clerk to join our team in Coppell, TX. This position works with internal departments to fulfill material requests for daily production jobs in a fast-paced, high-volume print and mail processing environment. Additionally, this position assists with stock handling and storage of incoming materials, inventory cycle counts, outgoing shipment requests and deliveries using company vehicles.

The schedule is Monday through Friday, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, with recurring overtime opportunities.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Frequent forklift operation to move and stage materials.

Prepare daily material requests for internal production departments.

Assist with the stock handling and storage of products and shipping materials.

Prepare packages for inventory.

Operate shredding equipment.

Process packages for domestic and global shipping through FedEx and UPS.

Drive company vehicles for shipment deliveries as requested.

Conduct daily, weekly, and monthly inventory audits and cycle counts.

Follow all process and procedure guidelines, company polices and safety regulations.

Perform other general warehouse functions as assigned, dependent on the changing needs of the organization.

Requirements

EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS

High School Diploma or GED preferred.

Class driver's license and personal auto insurance is required.

1+ years driving experience without moving violations or safety concerns. Candidate must meet company insurance requirements; a motor vehicle report will be conducted prior to hire.

Forklift experience required; standup/reach forklift experience is highly preferred.

At least 2 years’ experience in a warehouse, manufacturing, and/or production setting required.

Flexibility in work schedule to work overtime and swing shifts as needed is required.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Regularly required to use hands and fingers to grasp, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk and hear. Frequently required to sit, stand and walk. The employee must regularly lift, move, pull, and push up to 40 pounds independently. Using a pallet jack, the employee must regularly push and pull pallets containing up to 100 pounds of material. Specific vision required by this job includes close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, and adjust focus. Steel-toe footwear must be worn while on the job site at all times.

Benefits

Why Join Us?

Employee Ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP): When you join our team, you’re not just an employee—you become an employee-owner, sharing in the success of our company and shaping its future.

Strong company culture with a stable company and opportunity to grow and build a career.

Benefits include:

401(k) & Roth + Employee Stock Ownership Plan

Medical, Dental, Vision & Life Insurance

Vacation, sick leave and paid holidays – including your birthday!

Employee Assistance Program

Additional perks & employee award programs

Ready to grow with us? Apply today!

Hiring Pay Range (hourly paid): $17.50 - $21.00
