What We Offer keyboard_arrow_down Securities Services arrow_forward Fund & Investor Solutions Custody Managed Account Solutions Integrated Middle Office Solutions Global Clearing Issuer Services arrow_forward Conventional Trust Structured Debt Depositary Receipts Liquidity, Financing & Collateral arrow_forward Liquidity & Financing Credit & Lending Global Collateral Global Payments & Trade arrow_forward Payments Cash Management Trade Finance Markets Execution Services arrow_forward FX Fixed Income Equities Buy-Side Trading Solutions Investments arrow_forward Wealth arrow_forward BNY Pershing/Wealth Services arrow_forward Data & Analytics arrow_forward Digital Assets arrow_forward

Who We Serve keyboard_arrow_down Alternative Asset Managers Investment Managers Asset Owners Insurance Companies Banks Broker-Dealers Corporations Wealth Intermediaries Individuals, Families & Family Offices

Insights keyboard_arrow_down BNY Institute arrow_forward All Insights arrow_forward BNY Institute At the Table with BNY Experts: Summer Edition Read more arrow_forward BNY Wealth Structuring the Sale: Insights for Private Business Owners Read more arrow_forward

About Us keyboard_arrow_down About BNY arrow_forward Leadership Office Locations Sustainability Technology & Innovation Thrive Together Newsroom arrow_forward Trust Center arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Search BNY Jobs Early Career Opportunities Experienced Professionals

Investor Relations keyboard_arrow_right Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Investor Relations Overview Press Releases Quarterly Earnings Events & Presentations Annual Reports & Proxy Statements SEC Filings & Other Disclosures Shareholder Services Fixed Income Corporate Governance Contact JULY 2026 BNY Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results Learn more arrow_forward FEBRUARY 2026 Annual Report 2025: Built for Opportunity Learn more arrow_forward

Client Access

SUGGESTED RESULTS

Search Results

BNY Mellon Appointed Trustee for Latin America's First Sovereign Green Bond Issuance

BNY Mellon, a global leader in investment management and investment services, has been appointed by the Republic of Chile as trustee for Latin America’s first sovereign green bond issuances for a total aggregate amount of approximately US$2.5 billion, issued both in the U.S. and European markets pursuant to Chile’s Green Bond Framework.

The development of the Green Bond Framework was led by the Chilean Ministry of Finance, and is the result of a joint effort with the Ministries of Agriculture, Energy, Environment, Public Work and Transportation. Chile announced that it intends to invest an amount equal to the proceeds from the sale of the green bonds into projects that may qualify as “eligible green expenditures” under the Green Bond Framework, such as renewable energy projects, infrastructure for electrified transport, water management projects and eco-friendly buildings.

“As a leading corporate trust service provider, this collaboration with the Republic of Chile and the Chilean Finance Ministry reinforces our long-standing commitment to helping bond issuers in Latin America and overall globally. BNY Mellon supports green and sustainable finance and is proud to work alongside corporates, banks and sub-sovereign entities to encourage social and environmental sustainability,” said Hector Herrera, head of Corporate Trust, Americas Business Development at BNY Mellon.”

The Minister of Finance, Felipe Larraín, highlighted the success of the operations stating “the issuance of our first Green Bond demonstrates our strong commitment to move forward with concrete actions to face climate change. In an international context of greater financial turbulence, global markets have rewarded us with historically low rates, even below those estimated by secondary market pricing.”

About BNY Mellon

BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries. As of June 30, 2019, BNY Mellon had $35.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon or visit our newsroom at www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news.

For media inquiries, please send an email to Media Inquiries or view our Media Resources.

BNY is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and may be used to reference the corporation as a whole or its various subsidiaries generally. BNY.com provides information about services provided by BNY and its affiliates. Not all accounts, products, and services are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. ©2026 BNY.

Visit our websites around the world.